Tim Sackton: Okay, so…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I don't have any pictures of Marwa, I'm sorry, I didn't have a chance to do the, like, image generation.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay, so… Does everybody remember Mar? So we… we start…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: In the park town of Homery.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Which is… a multi-layered, town. You wouldn't really call it a city, it's not big enough. Nestled…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Among the cliffs of the coast of the Mawar Confederacy.
Tim Sackton: So, along the… tidal flats of this large bay. There's the…
Tim Sackton: shanty town built out over marshes that floods when there's storms, and then some docks and piers, some built of stone.
Tim Sackton: Sturdier, higher above the water, dominated.
Tim Sackton: at least in one part, by the substantial multi-story building of the Leviathan Inn.
Tim Sackton: Own.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: and run by Wazir.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: As you go up the cliffs, there are,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Roads and stairs that wend their way up this cliffside, and flat areas sort of carved out of the cliffs where the wealthy
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Owners of the shipbuilding industry in Hamri.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Live in large mansions.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Until you get up to the… Top of the cliff itself.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Windswept and sparsely settled and dominated by a few dozen of these Towers.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: All facing, looking out to the sea, looking like teeth.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: As ships come into port.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Some abandoned, some…
Tim Sackton: Turned into found housing for…
Tim Sackton: wanderers, but others occupied by the Ocean Watchers, the people in Homri who…
Kate Sackton: Keep an eye out.
Tim Sackton: on the ever-changing sea.
Tim Sackton: Along the coast beyond the tidal flats, the curve of the bay sweeps to the,
Tim Sackton: To the north, opening up a sandy expanse where
Tim Sackton: Beach bums can occasionally be found.
Tim Sackton: A lizardfolk named Trock.
Tim Sackton: And then a gentle rise as you come up to another cliff area. So cliffs sort of guard both entrances to this
Tim Sackton: To this sheltered bay.
Tim Sackton: Making it a protected harbor.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So the last time we visited Marit, Hamri, it was November of 1747.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And since then.
Tim Sackton: The winter of that year, the winter of 1747-48, so this is before Dunmar Campaign started.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: This is, like, while Welby is still debating whether he should Leave.
Tim Sackton: his safe home and seeker is…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Probably learning lizardfolk.
Tim Sackton: In the swamps of… was it Seeker or Welby who went?
Tim Sackton: To the lizardfolk to study, I don't remember.
Eric Rosenbaum: We decided Seeker had, but it never…
Tim Sackton: It never really came up.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Kenzo is still training in the monastery of…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The Lachen Monastery in Tokra, Daweth.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Has not yet appeared from the Shadow Realm.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Actually, no, Daweth has recently fallen out of the sky.
Tim Sackton: And Rizwin is…
Tim Sackton: in Tharn Potter, where rumors of.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Chardonian adventurers stealing her… Family's possessions have not yet reached her.
Tim Sackton: But in… in…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The Mawar Confederacy in Hamri, the winter is bitterly cold and storm-lashed, with repeated gales and then hard freezes that leave ice lingering far longer than it should.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The town hunkers down.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's a winter of hunger and hardship, where people speak in low voices of nightmares and strange songs on the wind, though.
Tim Sackton: No supernatural danger ever really emerges.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But the ordinary dangers are enough, cold, hunger, and isolation take the toll, and for many families, that's a winter of loss.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Little news comes in or out, and the Leviathan stands quiet.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Through the long, hard winter.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Into April, when spring comes late, a month of dreary rain and shuttered harbors, weeks of gray weather.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: half-trad roads… Mud.
Tim Sackton: It's not till May of that year that the winter… that the weather finally breaks. And as spring turns to summer, the port of Homri fills with news and trade.
Tim Sackton: Wild rumors from the north of an ancient black dragon, a vicious beast that defeated even the best Chardonian legions, and drove the orc warlord Grumella before him in fear, finally killed by the heroes of the Battle of Volterra.
Tim Sackton: From Chardon, the tales in the spring repeat the common refrains. The merchants and traders tell stories of the wealth and glory of empire.
Tim Sackton: Others tell stories of the tightening fists of the wizards of the Academy. Rumors of scholarly expeditions sent to plunder treasure, ancient artifacts of magic and power.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: from all.
Tim Sackton: Points of the compass.
Tim Sackton: But none of these expeditions ever come to Malwar, or at least not to Habri, and it's hard to tell if these are just stories.
Tim Sackton: The summer is cool and glorious, the hunting good. Ryu has many fine catches of large tuna.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The Leviathan is full of the usual make-believe stories from far away, demons and centaurs fighting in the deserts of Dunbar.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Inland lizardfolk villages vanishing without a trace, a haunted ghost of a dragon raiding on the shores of Lake Philandras. Who can really say what is true and what's just a…
Tim Sackton: A pretty song told for coin.
Tim Sackton: As summer chose to fall, rumors spread from the south of a daring theft, the merchants say. Powerful magic stolen from a great wizard of Chardin, who has viciously attacked and betrayed by outsiders in the city. Something about a giant's crown full of ancient elemental magic.
Tim Sackton: A particularly daring captain of a Chardonian ship spent an evening trying to harass the guests of the Leviathan with description of these thieves. A halfling, an elf, a human, and a dwarf.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But was quickly tossed out by Wazir.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The fall of 1748 lingers, with warm days and calm seas well into October.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: A few folks from Chardon start trickling in, telling a different tale.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Kaiso, a scholar from Chardon with several mutual friends with Wazir, arrives at the start of October.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: He told of a greed spreading in the heart of Chardon, a grasping need to gather all magic to the university and control it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: He didn't have all the pieces, but said that Kenzo, the human accused of thief, was nothing like the stories spread by the Chardonian agents. He was a good kid, scarred by Chardon's dark side, and a…
Tim Sackton: As a child, but always looking to connect, with the souls of other beings.
Tim Sackton: High someone was the air could frequently be found in long evening chats as the days grew shorter.
Tim Sackton: Wondering what these events meant for Malwar.
Tim Sackton: Could it be long before Chartan looked to claim Marwar itself. After all, Arian the Mistspeaker had long spoken of the Marwakal Peninsula, which is where the Marwar Confederacy is, as an important locus of elemental power, and Arian's scrolls of elemental power had turned up in Chardon recently, Kaiso had learned.
Tim Sackton: By the first storm of winter, more news. There was a war against orcs somewhere off far to the east, spreading through Dunmar and tearing the land apart.
Tim Sackton: Kaisler took this hard and spent many days alone in his room, but emerged to say that Dunbar held, though he would not say how he knew.
Tim Sackton: That winter was mild, but still little traffic came to Hamri. The news is always slow during the cold months, when the winter gales prevent ships from traveling.
Tim Sackton: Spring arrived.
Tim Sackton: of 1749, with news of peace, it seems the fighting in Dunmar was over, though tales differed about who was king now there.
Tim Sackton: But few and harm really cared about the events of far-off Dunbar. The traders from Chardon whispered that something seemed wrong. While the amount of chalite flowing into the city was greater than ever, constant shortages led to the first outbreak of cholera in years, though Kaisa would point out, the traders don't seem to count the sickness that spreads in the slums of the North Bank here.
Tim Sackton: It was getting harder to ignore the growing number of people wandering the city, their minds consumed by chalite overuse.
Tim Sackton: It is now May 26, 1749. Not long ago, news reached Homri of a vicious, unprovoked magical attack at the heart of Charglin itself, caused by none other than two of the thieves, Kenzo, a Dunmari spy, and Delwith, an evil elf, corrupted by shadows.
Tim Sackton: Many had died in the colorless market as a fragment of pandemonium was ripped into this world. Fausto, one of the leaders of the wizards, was.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Pressing for war, and it seemed the Magistrates would comply. Some rumors claim that Fausto was already marching at the head of a column of war wizards.
Tim Sackton: Claiming he alone, rightly, could command the ancient wizardly might of Chardon.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But these far-off events so far have not touched Mawar or Hamri particularly, beyond the news.
Tim Sackton: That spread through the tables and firesides of the Leviathan Inn.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And as we pick up…
Tim Sackton: in…
Tim Sackton: In the evening of a pleasantly warm spring day, Wazir has asked Ryu, Trok, Marissa, and Ander to join him to hear the strange tale of a woman just arrived.
Tim Sackton: But first…
Tim Sackton: If anybody has any comments about what their characters have been doing for the past 18 months, we will look back upon…
Tim Sackton: the past.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Time skip.
Tim Sackton: But nobody's obligated.
David S. Kong: First off, that was awesome.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Amazing.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: recounting, and…
David S. Kong: So cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: And… The attack in Jardin was…
Tim Sackton: The doppelgangers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Evil, deal with, and Kenzo, yeah, not the good ones, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, we didn't do that.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Interesting.
David S. Kong: No.
David S. Kong: I like the, the Trump-Fausto
David S. Kong: Only I should control the most powerful magics.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: We begin… On a pleasant evening, a late spring storm has blown through yesterday.
Tim Sackton: Well, this afternoon, the winds died and the sun came out.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: books.
Tim Sackton: When a small sailing ship arrived at port, it's somewhat unexpected, as most ships wouldn't have sailed through yesterday's storm.
Tim Sackton: And Wazir has summoned you all to the…
Tim Sackton: Leviathan to hear this woman's story. So maybe everybody could just get us back in Mahwar, give a…
Tim Sackton: Brief or extended as your mood strikes your description of your character.
David S. Kong: I can start. So…
David S. Kong: Sorry, feeding cat simultaneously. So, and actually, no, this is my familiar. This is, this is, this is, also blue slash.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Familiar. Anyways, Ryu, walks into the Leviathan.
David S. Kong: Having looked, like.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: He just got off the boat and was in the ocean, is, like, wet, dark clothes, like, soaked, just smells of sea salt.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Has his, spear that you've all seen him use to great effect in battle and for, big game, hunting. And he's sort of leaning on it heavily, because he has had a big, big day.
David S. Kong: And,
David S. Kong: walks in tired, and, kind of glances over at, Wazir and some of the folks that work there that he knows. Of course, he knows everybody there, and just sort of gives a glance and a nod, and, you know, the folks know exactly,
David S. Kong: What he wants to eat.
David S. Kong: And drink, and, settles down, exhausted, and kind of sighs, but also content.
Tim Sackton: My oldest real, roughly?
David S. Kong: Ryu's, like, late 20s.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Sip.
David S. Kong: Stay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Stay.
Tim Sackton: Anybody else?
Kate Sackton: Nerissa is an older human woman, who comes into the Leviathan, with her loot, even though,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Wazir has said that…
Kate Sackton: He wants to talk about the story of a particular.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: newcomer to town, there's always the chance that,
Kate Sackton: music will ensue in the Leviathan, you know.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So…
Kate Sackton: if Abelard, the singer, stops by and wants to improvise, or.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: this.
Kate Sackton: fancy of the CrowdStrikes.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Narissa always has her…
Kate Sackton: Lute, and is tuned to the songs of the sea that this crowd loves, and is always learning from them, and…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Building on that music.
Kate Sackton: to… Join in that fellowship.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Anders is a, powerfully built.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): human man in his mid-30s-ish.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he… so he came back 18 months ago after having been away for almost 20 years.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, for a lot of this last year has been restoring the family house, and there's.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: No one left in the family, so he's been…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Putting it back together again after it's been abandoned for a few years, and putting a roof on, and…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Doing a whole lot of, like, paying for it by…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): clearing forests and bringing wood in, so when he brings a big sledge's worth of wood into town, he'll stay for the night at the Leviathan. He's sitting with his back against a wall where he can see the door and a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 8.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Heavy quarterstaff that's metal-shot at the end that's nearly more than just a walking stick leaning against the wall behind him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, just…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Soaking it in with the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The look of a person who is used to spending long, long hours with no particular place to go.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I'm chatting with the others.
Eric Rosenbaum: Truck… Strolls in… Looking skeptical of everything. A tall… muscular…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Young lizard man.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whose face looks prematurely aged.
Eric Rosenbaum: His eyes are… veiled.
Eric Rosenbaum: sunken.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looks like he's… Seen some things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Covered.
Eric Rosenbaum: His scales covered with ornate tattoos.
Eric Rosenbaum: P.
Eric Rosenbaum: Grumbles a bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: It takes a seat.
Mike: with… was ears… Maybe late 50s, always sort of in and out from behind the bar.
Mike: But never really the center of attention.
Mike: He's more likely to be listening on the side of conversation than, sort of driving the conversation. But he always seems to be about, and seems to know what's going on in town, and…
Mike: He's known for his, like, tinkering and things that he builds. He has a big workshop in the upstairs room.
Mike: And he's fairly open, he's not secretive about his knowledge at all, although sometimes there's sort of…
Mike: Things about magic that he… he doesn't really explain, but… He's often sort of…
Mike: Tinkering with a piece of his armor, or,
Mike: Building a small mechanical bird to flop about, or, you know, improving the…
Mike: tap system on the keg, or something like… like, he's always just sort of tinkering with different things, and when everybody comes in, he sort of greets everybody and nods, and sort of,
Mike: You know, says hello to another patron here and there, and sort of circles back to the group after a few minutes to…
Mike: Say hello to everybody.
Tim Sackton: So…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: As everybody gathers.
Tim Sackton: In the Leviathan Inn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Rule.
Tim Sackton: Maybe something vaguely like that. .
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: this woman, Raina, begins to tell you her story, and she's come looking for somebody. I mean, she doesn't… she's not from Hanri, she doesn't know anybody, but was obviously told at the port, like, you know.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I need help, you know, go to, go to the Leviathan, talk to Wazir, and I think Wazir is generally pretty…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: you know, he's not… I assume… I'm making assumptions here, Mike, but he, you know, he'll talk to people who need help, right? He's like… Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: director of Homery kind of vibe.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right. Yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: She's in her, you know, mid-30s.
Tim Sackton: And brown skin.
Tim Sackton: Clearly spends a lot of time at sea, like, weathered, like, salt-blown hair tied up, she's wearing,
Tim Sackton: you know, practical sailor's outfit, but, like, every… you know, clearly this… this woman is a sailor through and through, right? She's, you know, everything about her demeanor and her dress suggests that she spends
Tim Sackton: a lot of time at the ocean. I almost said Welby would recognize a kindred spirit, but Welby's not here.
Tim Sackton: She has, piercing green eyes, sort of salt-blown…
Tim Sackton: Brown, black, sort of muddled hair that's curly and sort of tied back, wearing a white linen shirt, leather vest, sturdy breeches,
Tim Sackton: And she looks up over at Wazir and looks at all of you and begins speaking in sort of a low voice. Initially directing at Wazir and saying, you know, she hopes
Tim Sackton: She's been… everything she's been told, you're… you're a person.
Tim Sackton: Who can be trusted.
Tim Sackton: And… she has nowhere else to turn to, so… She hopes.
Tim Sackton: Ta-da.
Tim Sackton: You know, what she's heard is true, and…
Tim Sackton: She says she's come to town because she's having dreams, or more precisely, hearing voices in the waves.
Tim Sackton: This is not new, she says. She was born…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: at sea.
Tim Sackton: She never knew her father, and her mother was kind of too busy to pay much attention to her, but she was raised by her maternal grandfather, Caleb, who would tell her all these stories about Mawar. I mean, she is… she was Mawarin by descent, even though she doesn't live… probably not from Hamre, from somewhere else in Mawar.
Tim Sackton: I'm…
Tim Sackton: Her grandfather, Caleb, would tell her all these stories of the golden age of Mawar, proud heritage, all of this.
Tim Sackton: And so,
Tim Sackton: in her tea, and she would hear stories of the Ocean Watchers, too, and of the, sort of.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Strange tales, they said.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hold on one sec…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You know, these dredged tales of how the ocean… ocean behaved.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And so, in her teens, when the ocean started to talk to her, she says she was not as, maybe, surprised as most others would be. She could never understand the words, but somehow they painted pictures of
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: strange undersea cities of kelp forests full of memories, but also of malware long ago, of Guzu the Mariner standing on the prowess ship. Guzu the Mariner is, like, one of the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: heroes of Mara, it's like… it's like a local… he's like a local saint, basically. People…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: send their prayers to the Eight Divines via Uzu, at least in Homri. And there's a bunch of these other, like, heroes of Mawar that function as saints.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: She was fascinated, and her father said she was… her grandfather said she was blessed.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Ten years ago, she says…
Tim Sackton: The songs of the ocean suddenly stopped.
Tim Sackton: She awoke from a nightmare of ripping and tearing to silence for the first time in years.
Tim Sackton: Kayla was nervous, not sure what it meant.
Tim Sackton: But for a while, they didn't think much of it. A few years after that, the ship was wrapped, and most of the crew, including Caleb, died, Raina survived, but it was a dark few years after that recovering.
Tim Sackton: But that's not why she's here, she says. She's here because a couple of weeks ago, the song suddenly returned.
Tim Sackton: Ocean started speaking to her again.
Tim Sackton: It's saying…
Tim Sackton: But something trapped under a rock, but resting on waves. It felt scared, nervous, but it wanted this…
Tim Sackton: Fragment of song, fragment of its voice back.
Tim Sackton: She saw cliffs with towers perched like teeth.
Tim Sackton: And a statue of Guzu the Mariner on a white sandy beach.
Tim Sackton: Warm glow… warm glowing blue light filling the space, some kind of cave, maybe?
Tim Sackton: The cliffs in her image look like Homri, and…
Tim Sackton: Guzu was always associated with Omri in Caleb's stories, and so she came here.
Tim Sackton: She doesn't know where it is, but she thinks somewhere in the cliffs of… of Homri.
Tim Sackton: There must be… Cave.
Tim Sackton: With a white sandy beach and a statue of Guzu. And somewhere inside the cave is something that this song of the ocean wants back.
Tim Sackton: And she would like somebody to find this.
Tim Sackton: And bring it to her.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And she.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's hope.
Tim Sackton: That you will help.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does Trock know of such a statute?
David S. Kong: Archives. Does…
Tim Sackton: Frock have any…
Eric Rosenbaum: Being a.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: career beach detritus professional.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make a…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Intelligence check.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Really wants to do an iconic track.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: Whatever, Joe.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: events.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That's an 11.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, I saw that.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: No… I mean… There's all sorts of, like, I mean, the The cave… the cliffs are…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: There's all sorts of, like, little.
Tim Sackton: Caves and strange things that are just sort of in the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Cliffs, so…
Tim Sackton: You know, who knows? But you've never seen… This thing as described.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you've got me interested.
Tim Sackton: That's good.
Tim Sackton: Pong, what were you saying about Ryu?
David S. Kong: Yeah, he wants to do an Arcana check, or whatever. Same thing, has he heard of this? Does he, you know…
David S. Kong: Oh, beautiful.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can… you can roll… I think Arcana is fine, or Nature, but it's the same, it's both plus 2.
Tim Sackton: Oh, hey, that's cool.
Tim Sackton: the… if you turn on 3D dice, and other people are on your… in the campaign, you can see…
Tim Sackton: I saw your dice roll.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Tim Sackton: That was cool.
David S. Kong: Ugh.
Tim Sackton: So, what was that, 15?
Tim Sackton: You've spent a lot… I mean, you've spent a lot of time on the cliffs. Rhea's probably spent more time than anybody in this little group.
Tim Sackton: Exploring the cliffs of Homri.
Tim Sackton: And there are, you know, there are definitely caves,
Tim Sackton: Some that you've explored, some that you have not, some that are accessible only at low tide. Some that are…
Tim Sackton: you know, that are just sort of open, and people just go into.
Tim Sackton: sorry.
Tim Sackton: Charlie was born in 2000… On that…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 12, right?
Mike: 11.
Tim Sackton: 2011.
Mike: Why?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Covid is… on the phone with Alaskan Airlines.
Tim Sackton: Purchasing our group ticket, and he needs everybody's birth years, and he's like, it's too hard to figure out.
Tim Sackton: He knew mine, yours, Laura's, his, and Mama's, and asked for Kate, Dana, Isaac, Nathaniel, and Charlie.
Mike: Wow, that's fair.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Yeah, so, I mean, you don't…
Tim Sackton: You've not ever explored any cave
Tim Sackton: fully to find… like, you've never found a statue in a cave. But there's a couple that you know of that are only accessible at…
Tim Sackton: At low tide.
Tim Sackton: Or if you just swim underwater.
Tim Sackton: Where it's, you know, it's possible that you haven't really explored in depth.
Tim Sackton: But you've hurt, I mean.
Tim Sackton: There are a bunch of… the vibe is kind of like, you know, those,
Tim Sackton: Capri, or somewhere, like, in, you know, those coastal cliffs in Italy, where there's just a bunch… and these caves, some of them will collapse, right? And then they'll be closed off, and then a new one will form, so it's kind of a shifting landscape.
Tim Sackton: Definitely a plausible story, but whether… but you have not heard of a… you haven't, like, swum into a cave and seen a statue standing there or anything.
David S. Kong: start.
Tim Sackton: I will also say,
Tim Sackton: Like, feel free to make up people in town that you know, or make up, like, a kind of person that you know if you don't want to create the whole NPC out of thin cloth.
Tim Sackton: like…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You know, this…
Tim Sackton: This is kind of a… you know, a world-building opportunity, too, so…
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Feel free to invent friends who can help you out.
David S. Kong: What's the name of this woman again?
Tim Sackton: Reyna?
David S. Kong: Marina. And who convened this meeting again?
Tim Sackton: We're there.
David S. Kong: It was here.
David S. Kong: cert… like… just really gives, like, Reyna a little, like, once-over, like.
David S. Kong: What's, what's the vibe? Is she, like, does she look like, you know, like,
David S. Kong: you know, like a hustler? Like, does she look, like, earnest? Like, what's the kind of vibe here to look?
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make a wisdom check.
David S. Kong: Wisdom check.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Let's see it.
David S. Kong: Dope.
David S. Kong: Ace.
Tim Sackton: Shh…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I mean, she doesn't seem like she's obviously trying to hustle you.
Tim Sackton: That's for sure.
Tim Sackton: She's not… she's not… I mean, she's a fairly open… she's clearly a very fairly open person, like, she's just telling strangers her entire family history, basically.
Tim Sackton: But you don't get any deeper sense than that.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: What? Hold on.
David S. Kong: But, you know, it's like, yeah, it's like, is she making it up?
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, I mean…
David S. Kong: Their teams aren't necessarily set up.
Tim Sackton: She seems earnest to you.
David S. Kong: Ria's, like, kind of taking place out of this, like, you know, Fried fish sandwich.
David S. Kong: His favorite thing to eat here.
David S. Kong: And it's sort of like, huh.
David S. Kong: And so wait, so this place, this cave, so you… you've never been to this cave?
David S. Kong: Lorena.
Tim Sackton: I've never been to Homery before.
Eric Rosenbaum: D.
Tim Sackton: I just saw it. I saw the…
Tim Sackton: It's hard to describe that a song The Ocean sings doesn't communicated by words, it communicates by creating pictures in my mind.
Tim Sackton: And I saw this cave up…
Tim Sackton: There was no sunlight, there was just some blue… warm…
Tim Sackton: enclosing glow from the water that was gently lapping at a sandy beach, and I could see into a shrine built on the beach with a
Tim Sackton: statue of Guzu the Mariner, like, in the shrine.
David S. Kong: Ryu's never heard of this place. Like, nothing that she's describing sounds familiar.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This… now, this is a real… this… this is an actual place that needs finding, or this is a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A dream of a place.
Tim Sackton: I felt like it was an actual place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Jeez.
David S. Kong: Well, I've never heard of it. I mean…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if…
David S. Kong: I've never heard of a quiz like that.
David S. Kong: But… I mean… I do have a couple of buddies that are cavers.
David S. Kong: I mean, I could ask them to see if they know, if I've ever seen anything like that.
David S. Kong: I mean, I haven't even heard anybody talk about anything like that. That sounds a pretty special place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Brock, don't… don't you have a friend also who's an artist in town? Like, can we get a… maybe we could get a sketch with all of the details of this place, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That'd be easier to show around or try to hunt down?
David S. Kong: Join me? Dad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I… One of you did, I… I don't remember who.
David S. Kong: I ran.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, from the last… Malware campaign?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure, I'm just making up NPC serum.
Tim Sackton: Of course, I'm just throwing you stuff, but you are… I mean…
Tim Sackton: Chalk is a tattoo artist, right? Like, he has proficiency in tattoo artists.
Tim Sackton: stuff, and so I would plausibly know Started a local painter.
David S. Kong: You should be able to do this yourself.
Tim Sackton: Although, you could probably do it yourself, actually. Yeah, come on.
David S. Kong: Like, what's your… I mean, this is… people pay you to do this, like, it feels.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just, like, I mean, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Once it's on paper, maybe there's some detail of… of what we see, or the shape of the beach, or something.
David S. Kong: I like where you're going with this, Anders.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, I see the logic to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know my stuff, you know, but
Eric Rosenbaum: We can make it happen, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey, hey, Wazir.
Eric Rosenbaum: You got anything behind the counter there?
Mike: to paint with? Sure.
Mike: Mmm, take me a few minutes, I guess. I can go rubbish around, I'm sure I can find something.
David S. Kong: If you don't have something to paint with, I'll be very surprised.
Mike: Yeah, when Zira comes back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there, like, a priest of that… god in town we could…
Mike: Chat with, also?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, maybe… maybe they would have more information about where to go looking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, which code?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Would be able to ask the god about.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where to… Find it?
Tim Sackton: I mean, yeah, there's definitely… so there's… it's like… it's like the church in town is St. Guzu's, or something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Tim Sackton: Like, that's the kind of vibe.
Tim Sackton: So there's definitely… the, like, local…
Tim Sackton: the local, like… so Mawar worships Masnumina, the same religion of Chardin, but their take on it is very much alike.
Tim Sackton: heavily into the local heroes as divine representatives on Earth vibe. So rather than worshipping the mother or whatever, they worship, like, the founder of Homri, or whoever Guizu was. None of you actually are very religious, or maybe Wazir knows history?
Mike: Yeah, boys, here knows it's true.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: of ours.
Tim Sackton: So, I mean, Guzu is…
Mike: I'll buy it.
Tim Sackton: Boozoo is not… the popular story is usually that he was, like, the founder of Homery or something, but actually that's…
Tim Sackton: Per Wazir, that's not… that's just a popular myth.
Tim Sackton: But he was instrumental in some early…
Tim Sackton: Defenses of, like, in the dark days after the…
Tim Sackton: Marwar sort of came into existence as a country in the… in the turbulent times after the plague and the fall of Drancor, and so there was lots of, like, crazy monsters in the ocean and things like that. And so Guzu was, like, instrumental in some of the early defenses of
Tim Sackton: of Homri, and really a lot, like, along this whole, sort of.
Tim Sackton: Southwestern-facing coast of the peninsula.
Tim Sackton: And so acquired a reputation there, and then was sort of, deified, and…
Tim Sackton: Similar… similar in vibe to sort of, like, how the Dunmari worship Bismar, right? Except there's just a lot more of them across.
Tim Sackton: the Mawah Peninsula… the Mawakal Peninsula.
Tim Sackton: But yes, there's… you know, so there's… there's, like, statues to Guzu around the town, there's, like, the church is, you know, St. Guzu's or whatever, I don't actually know what the naming conventions would be, but there's definitely a…
Tim Sackton: a priest of Mosnumina, who is, like, sort of associated with Gusu.
Tim Sackton: Definitely an option.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I was… you gotta know somebody.
Mike: Yeah, sorry, I'm, like, only half here tonight. I'm, like, very tired, and also have a ton of work that I'm trying to, sort of, not do, but, I'm sure Wazir knows somebody, though.
Mike: I'm just not sure I have the energy to make somebody up.
Mike: But he was here as everybody, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you're trying to make drinks and wait tables and everything, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But all of your staff members are named Claude.
David S. Kong: But…
Mike: Oh, I got really dumb today, it was very disturbing, anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: Opus was making tons of mistakes.
Mike: yeah, I mean… I'm sure Wazir knows the local priest.
Mike: And Wazir's vibe is kind of, he knows everybody in town.
Tim Sackton: Right. Yes, I'm sure… I'm sure Wazir does know the local priest.
David S. Kong: Well, why don't we, let's get, let's, let's have them come by and, while we get this picture made.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, good call. So our task here is to track down where this place is, and then to…
Tim Sackton: Go there and recover some… crystallized fragment of song is how Rayna described it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
David S. Kong: So… Music as a crystal?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something like that.
Tim Sackton: something… I mean, she doesn't have a very,
Tim Sackton: She doesn't have a very, like…
Tim Sackton: She doesn't have a clear picture of what this is that she wants you to find, she just…
Tim Sackton: She just knows that there's some… that it's coming from this place, or at least that's what it seemed to have told her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like a zoon. Music captured in a solid state.
David S. Kong: Alright, so we get the picture drawn, Pure shows up.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so, so you send out, you send a…
Tim Sackton: You send a messenger out to the… I mean, it's dinner time, but you send a… or late afternoon, I guess, you send a messenger to see if the…
Tim Sackton: If the… if the local priest is willing to come.
Tim Sackton: And about half an hour later, he shows up, his name is Yazran.
Tim Sackton: He's like a… middle-aged, or trending towards elderly, like, maybe late 50s, balding, sort of portly guy.
David S. Kong: Where.
Tim Sackton: Wearing, like, robes, not super ornate, like, this Humre is…
Tim Sackton: it's not a poor town, but it's not an extremely wealthy town either, right? It's like, it has, you know, it has the shipbuilding, there's forests up in the hills, and so there's, you know, there's timber.
Tim Sackton: But it's not, you know, this isn't like the sort of rich ports of… it's not a major trading port or anything.
Tim Sackton: And he has that kind of vibe, like, sort of solidly put together, big, portly guy, balding.
Tim Sackton: Grayish hair… Looks like he reads a lot.
Tim Sackton: Walks in, kind of looks around, oh, Wazir, you, you're asked to speak!
Tim Sackton: - settle some trivia, maybe? A history question at the pub?
Mike: We're looking for… something. The zero gesture to… to Troc, who's been drawing.
Mike: this, this woman, I'll gesture to Raina, seems to,
Mike: Wow, it seems like a mystery.
Mike: And, well, you know, can't help but meddle.
Mike: But it's, something to do with a statue of Guzo?
Mike: I thought you might have something to add.
Mike: throw on…
Tim Sackton: Out of the pot.
Mike: You know?
Tim Sackton: statues of Guzu around town, huh?
Tim Sackton: I don't know when all of them were made.
Tim Sackton: But if you tell me which one, maybe I can help.
Tim Sackton: See what I can do, anyway.
David S. Kong: Not one in town. This is more, kind of, in a vision type of situation. Yeah, truck's got a picture. This is what it looks like.
Tim Sackton: He looks over, and he, like, Now, that is interesting.
David S. Kong: You ever heard anything like this? Seen anything like this?
Tim Sackton: Is this meant to be underwater?
Eric Rosenbaum: Not sure, to be honest.
David S. Kong: Right now, do you feel like this place eventually is low tide, high tide, and underwater sometimes, and sometimes not?
Tim Sackton: not… not… she says not underwater, but definitely close to the water. She had a feeling that this thing was floating on water.
Tim Sackton: But underneath rock.
Tim Sackton: The priest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there natural light in the vision? Like, is this potentially a sea cave with air?
Tim Sackton: There was no natural light, there was just this glowing blue light coming from the water.
Tim Sackton: are really coming from all around, right? Like, it was sort of illuminating
Tim Sackton: The water, but also coming from the sort of center of the shrine as well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, so either a cave that's cut off from the outside, or… Like, actively under the ocean.
Tim Sackton: So, so Yazrin, looks at this, he says.
Tim Sackton: Interesting, there… I do believe that many years ago, there was, shrine Belt… The goose do.
Tim Sackton: in one of the… the sea caves on the North Cliff.
Tim Sackton: But I had thought it.
Tim Sackton: long… Buried.
Tim Sackton: like… 100 years ago, buried.
Tim Sackton: You know, the cliffs?
Tim Sackton: the caves don't last forever, right? The tide eats away at the walls, and the walls cave in.
Tim Sackton: It was a shrine from…
Tim Sackton: I don't know exactly when, actually, but it was… it was in the glory years of Mawar that…
Tim Sackton: after the fog lifted and the Great War's aftermath was over, and… Before,
Tim Sackton: you know, chart and spread and such things when Marwar was the wealthiest traders in this region.
Tim Sackton: Not too far off the same time when all the towers were built, actually, but there's a couple of these, water shrines.
Tim Sackton: And… and I know that one of them was built to… to goozo, and I'm…
Tim Sackton: I want to say for sure it was in the North Cliff, but…
Tim Sackton: I have bought it.
Tim Sackton: collapsed? Or… collapsed?
Tim Sackton: Many, many years ago, nobody I know has ever been inside. How did you get this picture? Can I… could I keep this? It's beautiful.
David S. Kong: You can't keep it, you kinda need it. Maybe, maybe later they can give it to you, but this is,
David S. Kong: Based on a… description. A truck special.
Tim Sackton: I had not realized you worked in… Paper?
Tim Sackton: As opposed to skin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Our skin, of course.
David S. Kong: Right, Price, he'll, you can take it home on your arm.
Tim Sackton: Not for me, I'm sorry, with my saggy old skin, I don't think it would look quite as good.
David S. Kong: Well, thanks for, thanks for the tip. I mean, I know those clips well, but…
David S. Kong: You know, again, if something collapsed, 100 years ago, I mean.
David S. Kong: There's a lot to search on that in those areas.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David S. Kong: Marina, is there anything else you can tell us? I mean, now we've got a general area, we could just go search out there, but, you know, might take a…
David S. Kong: Took a long time to try to figure anything out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, is there… well, are there non-humans in this town, Tim?
Tim Sackton: There's a lot of lizard folk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who would have been alive 100 years ago?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): own.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes, actually,
Tim Sackton: So, there is a… There is a dwarf who's a… who was a friend of John Leaker's character,
Tim Sackton: Who owns, like, a sort of slightly dodgy.
Tim Sackton: shop on the sort of… this is, like, on the nice wharf, and then there's the, like, Dodgy Wharf.
Tim Sackton: I'll have to double-check what her name was, but yes, there is… there is a dwarf who's been here… who would have been alive 100 years ago, for sure.
Tim Sackton: Who you would know, because you talked to her,
Tim Sackton: you talked to her during the, like, whole thing with… with the… oh, Ander wasn't here… Schwartz wasn't here for that, Ander wasn't here for that.
Tim Sackton: I just gotta find the session notes.
Tim Sackton: So that is definitely an option.
Tim Sackton: What's her name?
Tim Sackton: Oh, Vina.
Tim Sackton: Ovina is a blacksmith with a shop near the Shark Stock.
Tim Sackton: sometimes… Gets rid of treasure of dubious origin, which he smelts down and shells to the next ship.
Tim Sackton: But she has been a fixture in the port of Homri for a hundred.
Tim Sackton: plus years.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's, let's have someone run over and bring over. We'll buy her a drink and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): See if she remembers where the caves were 100 years ago.
Tim Sackton: Pah.
Tim Sackton: A few more minutes pass.
Tim Sackton: Another few minutes, another few minutes. Approaching dinner time now.
Tim Sackton: Oh, and this, short, stocky dwarf, wearing, you know, leather apron,
Tim Sackton: Hair sort of up in a bun, big thick cloak.
Tim Sackton: Kinda stomps into the N.
Tim Sackton: Like, very muscular, kind of broad facial features, big nose,
Tim Sackton: A bit of a glare, but she looks up and…
Tim Sackton: She sort of smiles when… when she sees you all, and she… she knows you.
Tim Sackton: I mean, she doesn't know Ander, but she knows… Ryu and… Wazira and truck.
Tim Sackton: She's probably seen you a few times over the past 18 months, although I don't know that Wazir makes much use of her services.
Tim Sackton: But she's happy to be plied with food and drink.
Tim Sackton: She sits down, and she eats for a bit, and takes a big swig of her ale, and then…
Tim Sackton: Looks up.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I remember that cave.
Tim Sackton: Bought it!
Tim Sackton: collapsed soon after I got here.
Tim Sackton: That was the one thing I would never touch, to be honest, is… Grey robbers stuff.
Tim Sackton: Dubious Shrugger… No problem, but if you're gonna be Robin Graves, Robin Temples.
Tim Sackton: people would leave offerings there, that's how I heard about it, I guess.
Tim Sackton: So Guza would… Lester… Friends out to sea, or, you know…
Tim Sackton: Make sure their ancestors found… their, you know, their dead cousin found their way Doctor!
Tim Sackton: Through the land of the dead and didn't get lost and turned into a hungry ghost, you know, if…
Tim Sackton: People are scared when ships are lost at sea, maybe the ghosts will come out of the ocean. So there's a lot of offerings in there, supposedly.
Tim Sackton: But yeah, I never messed with that stuff.
Tim Sackton: There's a north… north cliff.
Tim Sackton: Not too far past the… The last tower in the line.
Tim Sackton: It's like, limestone area?
David S. Kong: She really gets out a, you know, pulls out another one of the pieces of paper.
David S. Kong: And starts with his photography skills. Starts drawing out the coastline, and…
David S. Kong: Showing exactly where, like, North Cliffs are. I mean, he knows there well, but doesn't know exactly.
David S. Kong: You know, once he kind of has the whole region sketched out.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: You know, points to the door.
Tim Sackton: It's like… Yeah, it's two points, it's, like, somewhere… somewhere around there.
Tim Sackton: There was a… but there was a cave-in, I don't think you can get in now.
Eric Rosenbaum: What, what made it cave in, do you know?
David S. Kong: Question.
Tim Sackton: You know, the waves.
Tim Sackton: The tides. It's rough being stoned out there.
Tim Sackton: The ocean always bothering you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: That's why people don't build the…
Tim Sackton: The… that's why you have to build the towers up so tall, because you can't build them right up against the edge.
Tim Sackton: They might fall in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Naturally.
David S. Kong: Well… I mean, we know where it is now.
David S. Kong: We can definitely go and check it out.
David S. Kong: Tim, how far our journey is it?
Tim Sackton: Hi.
Tim Sackton: Take you, like, an hour… In your boat, 2 hours, maybe?
David S. Kong: Well… I mean…
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's now night, so probably best to just go in the morning, but…
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, I mean, it's… you know, we can, we can, you know, get up early and…
David S. Kong: Find a… I mean, the season's… the season's gonna be pretty calm.
David S. Kong: You know, at such and such time, the season's gonna be calm.
David S. Kong: That Ryu would know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, maybe we should go so we get there a little before peak low tide, and…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, Ryu knows all the Seacraft stuff you need to know to… Yeah.
David S. Kong: So, would you suggest… suggest a time? When would be a time? Like, 10 a.m?
Tim Sackton: So it's like, low tide is at, like, 10 or something like that.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so, so, yeah, I mean, you know, I can take us,
David S. Kong: Take us on my boat, and we can just cruise over there in about an hour, and then…
David S. Kong: Go check it out. I mean, Anders and I, we can go dive down there and see what's going on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have a look. Before… let's ask the dwarf, before, before it collapsed, the entrance was… how high above the, like, the water line was the entrance?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That was a big…
Tim Sackton: accessible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: I mean, she looks over at the mostly humans in the bar. I mean, these people built a whole temple in there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fair enough.
Tim Sackton: I… I… Honestly, I never went in myself. Seemed a bit of a human thing.
Tim Sackton: But… Yeah, I think it… I think it would have been pretty accessible.
Tim Sackton: So who's to say? Maybe if you swim down, there's still a way through under the… Under the cave-in.
David S. Kong: Check it out.
David S. Kong: I like this, makes life a little interesting.
David S. Kong: Rena, do you wanna join us, or do you wanna… is this more of a…
David S. Kong: We go check it out and tell you.
Tim Sackton: No, I'm…
David S. Kong: Not much one for…
Tim Sackton: Adventure, although if you need somebody to…
Tim Sackton: come along and sail your ship while you explore. I'm happy to do such a thing.
David S. Kong: How you sell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not a bad idea.
David S. Kong: That's actually.
Tim Sackton: I've been sailing since I was a few months old.
Tim Sackton: Well, not actually sailing. I've been on boats since I was born.
David S. Kong: Me as well.
David S. Kong: Well, you know, easy enough. Let's get some breakfast in the morning, and then we'll head out.
Tim Sackton: So the next morning, Don's… Bright and warm.
Tim Sackton: The storm that was lingering into yesterday morning has now clearly blown past, and the ocean is calm, just a few long, slow rollers still coming in from the aftermath of the storm.
Tim Sackton: That… Sun is shining. It's a beautiful day.
Tim Sackton: Dop.
Tim Sackton: It's the kind of day where Ryu would normally get up at the crack of dawn and go out and fish all day, sail far out into the ocean looking, you know, for the things. It's been stormy, so you haven't been able to get out.
Tim Sackton: As far as you might normally like, because you don't usually want to sell.
David S. Kong: Perfect.
Tim Sackton: Out… out of sight of the cliffs, in the… in the bad weather.
Tim Sackton: But today, you'll gather… at…
Tim Sackton: wherever dock Ryu stores his little boat at, which probably holds, like, 8 people, or… I mean, it's not a… it's not like a little dinghy, right? But it's not a huge ship, right? So…
Tim Sackton: It's a one-person sailboat that you normally take out with… to fish, but… But it easily holds…
Tim Sackton: All of you, plus… Plus, Reyna.
Tim Sackton: Who is clearly very familiar with boats, and is talking shop with Ryu the whole time, like, preparing to cast off. I don't actually remember of the rest of your characters, if anybody else is. Ander is not really a boat person.
David S. Kong: 12.
Tim Sackton: Wazir…
David S. Kong: And her and Ryu used to, when, when they were young, because they've known each other since they were kids.
David S. Kong: Thanks to God.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm like a swimming and diving sort of person, but not a boater.
Tim Sackton: Right? Right.
Tim Sackton: Truck just swims, he doesn't bother with the whole, like, why would you need a boat sort of thing.
David S. Kong: Wazir has a whole, like, magic seat that makes him do manta ray shit, right?
Mike: Yeah, what's here as I call it the manta ray, and can swim and can turn into…
Mike: can breathe, can… he, like, he wears this giant armor. Doesn't look at all like he would be comfortable in the water, but then he has this cloak that he just…
Mike: Puts on and dives in, and he can swim and breathe underwater, naturally.
Tim Sackton: So it takes you an hour or so, so you leave at, you know, 7.38 in the morning, so you'll get there on the dropping tide.
Tim Sackton: Takes you an hour or so, to…
Tim Sackton: To get out to the,
Tim Sackton: To the…
Tim Sackton: Sorry, just had to respond to another text.
Tim Sackton: It takes you an hour or so to get out to this area of the cliff, and, you know, now that you're looking for it, you've… Ryu's been past this part of the cliff a bunch of times,
Tim Sackton: And, you know, you're… you're normally pretty…
Tim Sackton: You're only pretty observant, and you've noticed, like, this is an area of the cliff that's fairly…
Tim Sackton: you know, there's sort of rocks that tumble down, it's, like, kind of, you know, looks a little bit unstable. It's actually further… so the north cliff is, like, this curving cliff on which there's a bunch of these towers to the north of… on the north coast of the port, but then as you go north of the towers, the cliff is, like, much more collapsing.
Tim Sackton: And so people don't build their towers here because it's a bit risky.
Tim Sackton: So this is, like, just on the edge of that area. And you've been here a bunch, but it's, like, a lot of just, kind of, scattered…
Tim Sackton: Falling cliffs, so…
Tim Sackton: So you haven't paid too much attention. But now that you're looking for a cave, go ahead and make a…
Tim Sackton: Survival check with Advantage.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Soon.
David S. Kong: Gotcha.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that everybody?
David S. Kong: Oh, wow. Oh, shit. That was cool. Wait, so that just… wait, what just happened? I rolled 3 dice?
Tim Sackton: No! One of those was… Truck, and one of those was…
David S. Kong: Oh.
Tim Sackton: With Andar.
David S. Kong: Oh, wait, which one was mine, then? That's confusing.
Tim Sackton: Wait, you didn't roll.
David S. Kong: I rolled.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't show up in the log.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you have your roll dice set to rolling to everyone, rather than roll to DM?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If you click the little die thing in the lower left corner.
David S. Kong: Mine says black change dice, let's see…
David S. Kong: Shared dice, see other people's roles.
David S. Kong: Alright, let me do that again, then.
David S. Kong: I'm not sure what I rolled.
David S. Kong: So if I do… That… So… oh wait, what the fuck?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, hey!
Mike: That was me.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that was the beer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kong, is… there's a switch at the bottom of that.
Mike: See it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It says.
Mike: To DM a role to everybody at the…
David S. Kong: Okay, well…
Eric Rosenbaum: bottom.
David S. Kong: Anyways, is it logging, though?
David S. Kong: Tim?
David S. Kong: Alright, I will log in?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you got… You got a 18… you rolled a 9, and then you rolled… 22.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So the 22 is with Advantage.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Tim Sackton: But really, you should all wait till I tell you to roll, because I only pulled…
Tim Sackton: Three neutral. And then everybody just started throwing dice across the team.
David S. Kong: What's going on, guys?
Mike: I thought you were telling all the time. No, I didn't do anything.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no, you rolled.
Mike: I was just testing after everything was over to see if my rolls actually worked.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Me too.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Anyway, a 22 is plenty.
Tim Sackton: And you find, you find with…
Tim Sackton: I mean, everybody's helping, that's why one person is… that's why Ryu is… Rolling with Advantage.
Tim Sackton: So you do see an area that, now that you're looking, like, you can… you can actually see there's, like, a little bit of… there's, like, gaps in the rocks. Like, there's a… clearly there's, like, been a cave-in. Like, the sides of the cave have collapsed a little bit. But there are…
Tim Sackton: There are gaps in the rocks here. Like, you can see there's a space through
Tim Sackton: into something else, and it's roughly in the place where Reyna said it should be. Or, sorry, where Ovina, the dwarf, said it should be.
David S. Kong: Cool.
David S. Kong: Let's go check it out.
Mike: Yeah?
Tim Sackton: So, is somebody diving into the water, climbing on the cliff, using magic?
David S. Kong: Anyway, our party, does anybody have, like, clairvoyants, shit like that? Do we have, like, what are our… do we have anybody, like, that does… what is our party? What do we… what can people do? I forget.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have some kind of augury thing, I think.
Tim Sackton: Oh, Nerissa has Clairvoyance, although I don't know if she wants to use one of her only two level 3 slots on it.
Mike: Hold on, hold on, I will…
Eric Rosenbaum: I have Augury.
Mike: I can… I can create a little servant to go explore.
Mike: That's a pretty good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Great.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): athletics in various ways. I could dive down.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Good looking.
Mike: it takes…
Eric Rosenbaum: Me too.
Mike: Oh, but we were, like, on the boat for a while, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you could cast…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: of it while you're on the boat. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, nice.
Mike: can fly.
Tim Sackton: Can it breathe underwater?
Mike: I don't think it…
Tim Sackton: It cannot breathe underwater.
Mike: Does it have to breathe?
Tim Sackton: I go, maybe it doesn't have to breathe.
David S. Kong: Touche.
Mike: I mean.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't really seem like it would need to breathe, based on the description.
Mike: It's a mechanical… I mean, I'll cr… it's literally a mechanical fish.
David S. Kong: That's pretty great.
Mike: The mechanical flying fish.
David S. Kong: Oh, but also, I totally forgot this, so the whole time that we're, we're on the boat,
David S. Kong: You see, like, chasing us, of course.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: A shark.
David S. Kong: And that's, you know… .
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Fuck.
David S. Kong: What is Blue's name in short form?
Tim Sackton: I wrote this down.
David S. Kong: I know you did.
David S. Kong: Bears Geo.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And the shark is…
David S. Kong: Anyways, I can also… let's do Mechanical Fish and Shark.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it was… Geo is the bear.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Gio and Drew, then.
David S. Kong: What's the chart?
Tim Sackton: Blue is the…
David S. Kong: Aaron, what's the shark?
Tim Sackton: Kirk is the shark. Osprey is blue.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Turk is Shark.
Tim Sackton: Bear is Geo.
David S. Kong: Perfect.
David S. Kong: So let's send in, Turkin to Mechanical Fish.
Tim Sackton: Okay, and you, by the way, if you want to take 10 minutes, you have the, like, beast sense ability that… that Welby would sometimes use, where you can…
Tim Sackton: It's a spell, but you can cast it as a ritual by just taking 10 minutes to prepare, where you can, like, mind meld with your… with Turk and see what he sees for what… for an hour.
David S. Kong: Let's do it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, Turk, carrying Ryu's… Senses… Dives!
Tim Sackton: underwater, as does this mechanical fish. Kate, just to catch you up. You saw the little backstory stuff that I sent you. So…
Tim Sackton: the party talked to a bunch of people around… well, a couple of people around town, and found.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The location of this cave where the… Frozen.
Tim Sackton: Song is.
Kate Sackton: Wow, nice job, guys.
Tim Sackton: statue of Guzu the Marin on a white sandy beach with warm, glowing blue light filling with space. They realized it was a cave where a shrine had been built, and between Ryu's cartography and talking to a dwarf who remembered the cave and various other clues.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You have now…
Tim Sackton: found the location of where you think the cave is, it…
Tim Sackton: It used to be a popular shrine to this… basically a saint, Guzu the Mariner, a saint of Demos Numina.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The cave collapsed 100 years ago.
Tim Sackton: And now everybody's just about to explore the entrance to the collapse Game, which is where you are.
Tim Sackton: So, as Turk dives down,
Tim Sackton: and the mechanical fish that Wazira has created dives down, it is immediately obvious that something has disturbed this. There is, like, a clean.
Tim Sackton: Hole.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: like…
Tim Sackton: 15-foot diameter, that's a… Punch through the rubble underneath the surface of the water.
Tim Sackton: opening up a obvious passageway into the cave. This looks like somebody took, like, a super powerful 15-foot-wide diameter fire hose, and just…
Tim Sackton: Aimed it straight at the rock, and it just blasted away the rubble, like, shearing it clean.
David S. Kong: Does this look like, magic… that doesn't look like an animal or a beast, it looks like magic, probably.
Tim Sackton: That was magic, yeah.
David S. Kong: -Oh.
David S. Kong: Turk, Turk, can Turk swim through the hole?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's 15 foot.
Tim Sackton: It's 15 foot in diameter, so Turk can easily.
David S. Kong: Working in a handful fish, let's go.
Tim Sackton: Like…
Tim Sackton: Very quickly, like, so you have to swim underwater a bit to get to the hole, but then you surface into.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: a cave.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: There's a long channel.
Tim Sackton: That goes maybe… 20 feet, occasionally strewn with rubble, maybe 30 feet, and sort of twists slightly.
Tim Sackton: The… And then, it gets shallow, it gets…
Tim Sackton: Too shallow for Turk to swim any further.
Tim Sackton: But Turk… but you can see through Turk's eyes that there's a sandy beach, There's a blue glow.
Tim Sackton: And there are, like, white… there's, like, a white building up on the sandy beach. There are also maybe…
David S. Kong: Turk will change into an osprey, and then shoot through the hole and fly out.
Tim Sackton: You can't… you can change… like, you can't… Turk can't shapeshift, you have to, like, re-summon him to change his form. So he can't do it independently of you.
David S. Kong: Bummer.
Tim Sackton: But, you can see, maybe… Maybe a half-dozen,
Tim Sackton: Creatures of some sort loitering around on the beach.
Tim Sackton: They're… They're… they look like they're almost, sort of, Watery… Vaguely frog-like.
Tim Sackton: amphibian-ous things, but, like, made of water. Like, their… their bodies are, like, constantly shimmering and shifting in this blue light, and their heads are sort of…
Tim Sackton: Solidified into this, you know, they've got, like, teeth of water and, like, sort of,
Tim Sackton: Horns, but everything is…
Tim Sackton: They're basically creatures made of water. They don't seem to have paid much attention to Turk, they're just kind of lounging
Tim Sackton: A bit carelessly around.
David S. Kong: -Oh.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Ryu will tell everybody what he sees, and in particular, Reyna, like, what's your reaction to this? Do you have any idea what these creatures are?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: On the beach?
Tim Sackton: I never saw anything in any of my visions.
Tim Sackton: The voice… did seem nervous.
David S. Kong: The voice of the ocean.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Now that we're here, do you sense anything, or feel anything, or see anything?
Tim Sackton: She, like, dipped her… Hand into the water.
Tim Sackton: It's quiet so close to the coast. It always has been.
Tim Sackton: I never hear the thongs unless I'm more than a day's sail from land.
David S. Kong: Well,
David S. Kong: I have a bad feeling about these creatures on the beach here. I feel like, we show up in there, they're not…
David S. Kong: Necessarily looking like the friendliest things.
David S. Kong: Anything else on the beach, Tim, that Turk can see, other than the…
Tim Sackton: Oh, you can't see into the…
Tim Sackton: You can't see into the temple.
Tim Sackton: But there's, like… the temple itself is, like, a big building made of white marble. It maybe once had two stories, but…
Tim Sackton: The second story is sort of not intact anymore, although the roof to the first story is intact.
Tim Sackton: And… but all you can really see is, like, the sort of first entry
Tim Sackton: area thing, I mean, you can't see anything inside the…
Tim Sackton: You can't see anything inside the, inside the temple.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well…
David S. Kong: I mean, we can just go in there. I have a feeling we're gonna have to fight off whatever's on that beach, though.
David S. Kong: Unless anybody else has got any brighter ideas. Wazir?
Mike: We could try and scare it off?
Mike: There's a lot of them, though, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How many did they?
Tim Sackton: There was a half-dozen that Turk could see.
David S. Kong: At least 6.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anything on the beach that I could throw at them.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's, like… I mean, there's stones, but there's also…
Tim Sackton: There once was… there was… used to be a wooden door, and the door has been shattered.
Tim Sackton: by some blast. It's maybe the same whatever thing cut through the rock, and so there are…
Tim Sackton: Various sized fragments of reinforced iron wooden doors scattered around the beach as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can't beat it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good piece of door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I just don't make them look interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: day.
Kate Sackton: It'll be interesting to see what happens to these water creatures when they get hit with something solid.
David S. Kong: Unless anybody's got any brighter ideas, I mean, let's just roll up, see what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Splash them.
David S. Kong: Five of us.
Mike: Yeah?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's do this. It's been too long, says Ander, sliding his sword out a half an inch and testing the edge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course, we'll try diplomacy first.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, he says. Diplomacy.
Eric Rosenbaum: The face-punching.
Tim Sackton: I'm trying the D&D Beyond… map, so that link that I just put in chat, I think, should work.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh, and look, Tim has prepared a diplomacy map for us.
Tim Sackton: It is, it's a very obvious diplomacy map.
Kate Sackton: Beautiful.
David S. Kong: Why is everybody going backwards? Why are we all pulling…
Tim Sackton: Well, because you have to swim, you can't… you're not in the…
David S. Kong: You're gonna be obvious before you get…
Tim Sackton: Out of the water.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When we swim in armor, aren't, like, three of us wearing… Giant amounts of artists.
Tim Sackton: So…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): an issue?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Should we not try to model realism here?
Tim Sackton: We shouldn't try to model realism here.
Tim Sackton: But… Trock has Mariner armor, which, lets him… swim… easily.
Tim Sackton: It gives them a, I think Ander's, like, beefy enough.
Tim Sackton: Plus, actually, the water, once you get through the sort of tunnel.
Tim Sackton: About 20 feet before the,
Tim Sackton: Before the… I lost my…
Tim Sackton: About 20 feet before the beach starts.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: the…
Tim Sackton: The water is… Is, like, weightable, right?
Tim Sackton: So, like, sort of where the map starts is where the water is wearable.
Tim Sackton: But go ahead and make an athletics check, just, you know…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: out of interest. With advantage, because…
Tim Sackton: Why do you have advantage on…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Some feet or another.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so, yeah, you're fine.
Mike: Wazir's just walking on the bottom.
Tim Sackton: Right, because he can breathe water.
Mike: Breathe underwater.
Mike: Why would you swim?
Mike: I mean, he also has a swim speed, which probably makes a difference.
David S. Kong: Go off.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a good trip.
Kate Sackton: Top of the water, but that would just make me a target.
Mike: But walking under the water is also useful. I mean, it's slightly harder to see.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so,
Tim Sackton: you're not… I'm assuming that you… there's not really an obvious way that you could be stealthy in this situation, so I'm assuming you're not.
Tim Sackton: So, the five of you just kind of begin to approach. I mean, go… convince… tell me I'm wrong if you have a plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'm gonna go straight for the stairs.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we're just gonna go fight. We're just gonna kill him.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Having that big door piece.
David S. Kong: This one's not complicated.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay, I'm leaving the immersive view, so if you wanna, like, shrink the…
Tim Sackton: Zoom window so you can see everybody.
Tim Sackton: And also the map.
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: However, these, these, one of the water creatures gives, like, a whistle as you begin to approach, like a piercing, modulated whistle. And another one kind of shouts in a language that… does anybody speak primordial? I think some of you do.
David S. Kong: Actually, I think I do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I do.
Tim Sackton: What do you and Trock do, maybe? .
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, hi.
Tim Sackton: That's… so instead of… from your subclass, you would normally get giant, but I think Primordial makes more sense for the tattoo artist.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: So, you hear a cry that's like,
Tim Sackton: hey, there's people here, and then another one, Chaz, to you, like, What are you doing here?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Are you here to rescue?
Tim Sackton: Are you here to rescue us? Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Tim Sackton: Another one says, they don't look like they're rescuers.
Tim Sackton: And starts to sort of inflate a little bit and draw up to his full form.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We come in peace, shouts Anders.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pulling out a sword as large as himself.
David S. Kong: Do you need rescuing?
Tim Sackton: Can you say that in Primordial?
David S. Kong: Yeah, oh, and by the way, so now that I'm with Turk, can Turk turn into a… can Turk turn into a bear house?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: We'll see what happens at the start of this battle, although we might be negotiating with them in Primordial.
Tim Sackton: So, you yell in Primordial, hey, do you need rescuing? And one of them… one of them yells out, to the others.
Tim Sackton: Hey!
Tim Sackton: One of them sneaks!
David S. Kong: They can talk!
Tim Sackton: And the other says, to you, to Ryu.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, actually.
Tim Sackton: We've been trapped here for, like, a week.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Whoa.
Mike: Is there anything obvious that's keeping them from getting into the water?
Tim Sackton: No.
Kate Sackton: Should we ask them where they want to go?
Eric Rosenbaum: Say, what's… what's keeping you here?
Tim Sackton: In Barmod.
Tim Sackton: Boss man says we can't leave.
Tim Sackton: Without some crystal thing.
Tim Sackton: Bossman went looking for it and have it come back.
Kate Sackton: Maybe we're here to rescue Bossman.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell us about Busman.
Tim Sackton: Oh, he doesn't like asking questions.
Tim Sackton: Came here straight away.
Tim Sackton: Sad.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Tim Sackton: We'll bring it back.
Tim Sackton: Get big favor.
Tim Sackton: be heroes.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Very nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I tell them… I haven't used intimidation before, but I could say something like, Listen.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm the new boss man.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're gonna help us. We're gonna find the crystal thing.
Tim Sackton: You can certainly try.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should I roll.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, bro.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a 20.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pretty great.
Eric Rosenbaum: 20 total.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, the one who's speaking to you, like, looks a little bit… Shaken, and…
Tim Sackton: They seem to… they seem to… To quaver a bit, and…
Tim Sackton: Questioning, are you really? I mean, you can speak.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But can you bring us home?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh yeah, of course!
Eric Rosenbaum: Listen.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Bossman's boss sent us. Don't worry about the details.
Eric Rosenbaum: He'll just go up on it ahead of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gaza!
Tim Sackton: Hoa sent you?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That's exactly right.
David S. Kong: Gazankoa, Gazankoa!
Tim Sackton: Wow, then!
Kate Sackton: You didn't know Turk worked for Gazanko?
Tim Sackton: Some, somebody, somebody yells out, hey.
Tim Sackton: This… this one who speaks, yells out, says they work for Gazenkoa.
Tim Sackton: And you can see two more, kind of.
Tim Sackton: Come out from the sides here.
Tim Sackton: Who look a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Bigger and… and bossier, and then another one.
Tim Sackton: Man… Really?
Eric Rosenbaum: Stiff.
Tim Sackton: So maybe somebody is here to rescue us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're just finishing the job, or I should say you are.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Go ahead.
Tim Sackton: The boss man went into the temple and never came back.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Tim Sackton: Going in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why not?
Tim Sackton: Rossman could kill all of us.
Tim Sackton: If you didn't come back, we're definitely not coming back.
David S. Kong: Well, why don't we go in and check it out? You all stay out here, we'll go in and check it out.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look back, I guess we're doing good cop, bad cop, huh?
David S. Kong: Truck.
Eric Rosenbaum: Strolls over to the stairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: And picks up the largest piece of door fragment.
Eric Rosenbaum: and says… Look.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got a job to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's pretty clear who's in charge here, isn't it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Now… I'm given the orders.
Eric Rosenbaum: You go ahead… Or… You know what's gonna happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: And he lifts the… Door piece, threatening.
Tim Sackton: Make another intimidation check.
Eric Rosenbaum: -Oh.
David S. Kong: You're trying to intimidate them to go inside the thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's say, I have a le-.
Tim Sackton: Remember that you can use,
Tim Sackton: You can use Tactical Mind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you can roll… Out of 1 to 10?
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, where's that?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Bye.
Tim Sackton: If you fail an ability check, you can expend a use of second wind and roll 1d10.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's a 10.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's a total of 21.
Tim Sackton: So that, that definitely beats the DC-16.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing. Where's this? So they, they kind of… there it is.
Tim Sackton: So, check off, I use the second wind. They kind of shake a little bit.
Tim Sackton: And they, they look up, okay, okay, we'll go with you.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: And the two, like, bigger ones, who are sort of leaders are, like, We're gonna stand watch.
Tim Sackton: And… and this… this one… And this…
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see. You're the brave ones, huh?
Tim Sackton: This one… Come with you.
Tim Sackton: As you walk into the temple.
Tim Sackton: Where is the… how do you… Erase follower… okay.
Tim Sackton: So… The entry room here is…
Tim Sackton: Again, mostly full of just debris.
Tim Sackton: If battle does break out, this would all be difficult terrain, but there's also plenty of,
Tim Sackton: Not only pieces of wood for truck, but also, it's like there was… there's windows that were sort of broken, so there's, like, pieces of, like, metal spikes, and also pieces of glass.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: And as you step forward, is anybody else going with truck, or is it just a truck?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… The main temple area… has, has 3 key features.
Tim Sackton: So, you see in the middle this statue of, of.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: of Guzu, exactly as…
Tim Sackton: Frock drew from Reyna's description. In front of the statue is an altar.
Tim Sackton: set low to the ground that seems to be the source of this glowing blue light that's spreading, and the light's almost, like, trickling like mist, so it, like, flows down the steps, and it dribbles into the water, and it infuses the water, causing it to glow.
Tim Sackton: On the… there's… There was probably once… this was once, like, a sort of domed ceiling, and there were,
Tim Sackton: skylights, all of the skylights have broken and fallen down. The second story is just over…
Tim Sackton: I don't know how to point with this. Can you see if I…
Tim Sackton: You can't see my cursor, can you?
Tim Sackton: Can you see this?
Tim Sackton: Pointer.
Kate Sackton: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: I see that. Oh, there. Okay. Yep.
Tim Sackton: So over here, there's a door that leads into… like, you could see this on the outside, there's, like, a…
Tim Sackton: Building on the side that has stained glass, and then the ones where stairs, that went up, and there was a second floor over on this side, but that's gone.
Tim Sackton: There are stairs.
Tim Sackton: But who did we lose? There are stairs over here that lead down.
Tim Sackton: What else do you see? And…
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, where is the… where are the stairs going down?
Tim Sackton: On the top… they're not on the map, but on the top left.
Tim Sackton: over here.
Tim Sackton: And then… Sorry, let me just double check.
Tim Sackton: there's… there's a bunch of, like, sort of decorations around the edges, right? So towards the back, you can see that there's a bunch of these…
Tim Sackton: or I guess it's more along the side walls, like here and here, sort of in between these columns. There's a bunch of, like, niches and things where little offerings and things have been scattered. You can see that many of them have been sort of strewn around the floor.
Tim Sackton: In the back, it's like one of those medieval churches where there's, like, a whole bunch of…
Tim Sackton: Carvings in the wall, like, people's names and things, and then written in big letters up across the top in a sort of arc.
Tim Sackton: are the words in, Mawarin, kneel and pray Guzu's ancestor's prayer to open the passage to the sea.
Tim Sackton: And then there's a door over here that leads into a side chapel.
Tim Sackton: And the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Water creatures are just kind of standing, they, like, move forward, but they don't want to seem to want to get too close to the altar, and they're just kind of standing around a little bit, like…
Tim Sackton: Like, he told us to wait on the beach and went in here and never came out.
Eric Rosenbaum: The truck is casually dangling a giant shard of glass from one hand and holding a metal spike in the other, and he says, you.
Eric Rosenbaum: He waves one forward.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go up to that altar.
Tim Sackton: Sort of creep slowly towards the altar.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing here, I promise!
Eric Rosenbaum: Isn't there, like, isn't there some kind of glowing crystal inside there? That's the source of the blue light.
Tim Sackton: It's not a… it's not a crystal, it's just the altar itself is glowing with this blue light, and it sort of drift, like, a mist that flows down off of the altar.
Tim Sackton: I guess in the picture, it looks a little like a crystal, but… It's not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Step up onto it.
Tim Sackton: Kind of slowly, like, looks back and, and,
Tim Sackton: This… this one, this other one is, like, hanging back, and this guy, like, looks back, but the, like, bigger leaders are nowhere to be seen, and just kind of…
Tim Sackton: steps forward.
Tim Sackton: Okay…
Tim Sackton: Nothing's happening.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good job.
Eric Rosenbaum: You won't be receiving a glass shard bonus.
Tim Sackton: Okay, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Trout goes over to investigate, the offerings.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Anybody else doing anything?
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll search around.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll take a look over in the side room.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay?
Kate Sackton: Joanne Anderson in the side room.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Ryu, search around where, precisely?
Tim Sackton: Just generally search around.
David S. Kong: Yeah, just general, generally.
David S. Kong: I'll search around in the, in the main, the main throne room.
Tim Sackton: Looking for anything in particular, or just kind of seeing if anything strikes you out of the.
David S. Kong: Everything looks, yeah, stands out. I'll investigate the statue as well.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: I'm gonna use my wand to detect secret doors to detect anything interesting.
Tim Sackton: Do you have a wand of detect secret doors?
Tim Sackton: That's very useful.
Mike: It's, is that for me.
Tim Sackton: replica items.
Mike: That's from my pocket items, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so…
Mike: Let's do N…
Tim Sackton: And…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: and…
Tim Sackton: Nerissa first.
Tim Sackton: So, you push open this door into the… Into the side passage,
Tim Sackton: This is a… this is a chapel,
Tim Sackton: There's beautiful stained glass windows that are still intact. But… There doesn't see… there's not…
Tim Sackton: there's not much in the room. There seems to have been water, like, the floor… the floor was once also, like, beautiful tiles and stuff, but it seems to have been cracked by, like… it's possible that in high tide, like.
Tim Sackton: The waves probably are washing over the floor of this temple.
Tim Sackton: And the floor of the chapel, despite the intact windows, looks like it's been, you know, water damaged. But you can, like, search around, you might… you never know what you might find.
Kate Sackton: Are there any other… it's just solid walls with windows in them, there's no other.
Tim Sackton: solid walls.
Kate Sackton: Where'd it go?
Tim Sackton: There's no exits. There's nowhere else to go.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, I… I…
Tim Sackton: I'm used to Rule 20, where you have vision, and so it auto-reveals things for you, but…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Here.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Pretty.
Tim Sackton: Oh wait, that's not supposed to be there.
David S. Kong: That looks like a giant monster.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: -Oh.
David S. Kong: Guys, commission.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever it was, I can just intimidate that, too. I'm sure that'll work.
David S. Kong: I like trucks,
David S. Kong: Given this personality, it feels like Chalk should have, like, just, like, a bunch of, like, you know, like, like, lemmings that you kind of, like, have toxic relationships with, and slightly abuse, and have them, like, just go around and, like, do shit for you.
David S. Kong: Because I think that's cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plot twist, most of them don't exist, they're gods of fantasies.
Tim Sackton: So, well.
Tim Sackton: And you're a nurse, are you gonna, like, search the room, or are you just poking your head in?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, search. Search the room. Yes, sir.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and each of you make a perception check, and as you search the room,
Tim Sackton: Truck is poking around at the offerings in the back.
Tim Sackton: So there's… I mean, these are all old, and there's, like, a lot of water. Those are very good rules.
Tim Sackton: There's a lot of water that's been,
Tim Sackton: I gotta delete that one song from this playlist.
Tim Sackton: Always annoys me when it comes up. The…
Tim Sackton: So, the offerings are kind of scattered around, like.
Tim Sackton: They clearly, like, have been recently, sort of, somebody's, like, tossed them around and sort of thrown them on the ground a little bit.
Tim Sackton: there's a bunch of little items, right? There's, you know, some of them are… are…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: like…
Tim Sackton: Prayer books or something, but mostly very waterlogged.
Tim Sackton: There's little jewelry, there's,
Tim Sackton: like, little, like, lead or metal containers that might have had a scroll or a prayer written in them. There's some, like, little portraits, like, likenesses of people. It's just a wide sort of scattering of things like that. Some… some jewelry, some gold, some silver, some stuff that could be valuable if you wanted to take it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, this is my job.
Tim Sackton: Taking offerings to the gods from temples.
Eric Rosenbaum: Broadly, as an aspect of scavenging practice.
Tim Sackton: So you can gather up what you find, if you'd like to.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Meanwhile, Ryu, go ahead and make a perception check.
David S. Kong: Sorry, my… it was… Alright, here we got it.
David S. Kong: Dope. Hey. Last game.
Tim Sackton: role.
David S. Kong: intercepted.
Tim Sackton: You don't see anything, obviously, out of the ordinary in the, In the… temple area.
Tim Sackton: But, well, Ander and…
Tim Sackton: And, Nerissa are searching the, the sort of chapel. As you're kind of coming up blank, Wazir is, like, holding up his wand.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And it…
Tim Sackton: Pulses immediately towards the back.
Tim Sackton: Where's my pointer?
Tim Sackton: Towards, like, this back wall right here.
Mike: I'll go in for a secret door in the back wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Mike: It's bossing.
Tim Sackton: With the wand pointing you in that direction, you can see that there's water, sort of slight bit of water, like, oozing underneath the wall here, clearly a seam, and that there's a slight crack.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But…
Tim Sackton: No obvious means to open it.
Tim Sackton: Meanwhile, Ander and Nerissa, searching around the chapel,
Tim Sackton: Again, not like most of the contents of this room have been have been ruined.
Tim Sackton: But there is a small, stone chest that you find buried under some debris. Not locked, but watertight enough that what's in it, which is a…
Tim Sackton: three books, one, like, a book of… like, a book of common prayer, like a book with all the, like, prayers, various ancestor prayers to the different saints, things like that.
Tim Sackton: One, a nicely illustrated, Like…
Tim Sackton: what is illuminated, like, with the fancy decorated letters and things.
Tim Sackton: just tale of stories. They seem to be, like, miracles of Mos Numina, but all in the context of these, like, local saints, right? It's, like, the stories of the saints. And the other…
Tim Sackton: Seems to be…
Tim Sackton: I don't know if a ledger is the right word, but it's like a… or a guest book, it's like, people would write prayers to their…
Tim Sackton: Or have the priest write if they weren't literate, or have somebody write, like, the caretaker of this shrine, like…
Tim Sackton: You know, so-and-so came and… it's like the guestbook for the temple, but it's like prayers for the
Tim Sackton: for whoever.
Tim Sackton: There's a bunch of pages ripped out of this. It seems like people would write in them, and then after some time, they'd, like, rip out the pages and, I don't know, offer it to the statue. You don't know what would have happened, but it's like a book of…
Tim Sackton: of people's hopes and dreams. And all of them are significantly damaged, but still readable in many places.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Back him up.
Tim Sackton: So, you returned… All now to the main room, where…
Tim Sackton: Yes!
Tim Sackton: guy has crept out. And this one says.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay, now what are you doing?
Tim Sackton: The chalk.
Tim Sackton: You seem to be just looking around.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's… that's correct. We're looking for something.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are we looking for again? The crystal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, sir.
Tim Sackton: Slowly… He steps back.
David S. Kong: Should I go get Reyna, and, like, escort her in here?
Eric Rosenbaum: Isn't she, like, sailing the ship for us?
David S. Kong: It's just, like, hanging out at the boat. Yeah, making sure that the boat…
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should I send one of the guys down the stairs?
David S. Kong: Ugh.
David S. Kong: Man, well, I feel like we're gonna have to fight this big being in the other room, which is the problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, but there's a secret door also?
Mike: Wait, so…
Tim Sackton: I see a door.
Mike: I have perversity and nasis tools. I'm a tinkerer, like, how do we open… I'm gonna, like, look at this door.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
David S. Kong: She's waking up in the north.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, there was an inscription about kneeling and praying or something?
Kate Sackton: That was supposed to let the ocean in.
Tim Sackton: That's sad.
Tim Sackton: Kneel and pray Guzu's ancestor prayer to open the passage to the sea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm.
Mike: And there's a, clearly, ocean behind this secret door, right?
Mike: There's one.
Tim Sackton: Water coming out, yes. Right.
Mike: Does it seem like it opens in or out, or is it just, like, totally impossible to tell?
Tim Sackton: It's probably magic. Like, there's no hinges. There's no way to see that there's…
Tim Sackton: It's not like a secret door that's secret, because it's, like, carefully hidden from… it's not some… well, at least not… well, go ahead and make an investigation check.
Kate Sackton: Nerissa flips through the prayer book to see if there's one called Guzu's Ancestor Prayer.
David S. Kong: Hey, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Okay. What was your vest- I haven't clicked yet. Okay.
Mike: 17.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's no… I mean, this is not a door that… It doesn't… Like, there's no
Tim Sackton: there's not a mechanism behind this door. Like, it doesn't look like there's a hinge or anything, it's, like, your professional opinion is it's gotta be magic. There's no way this door would make sense if it's not magic.
Tim Sackton: Which isn't to say you couldn't, like, pry the wall open, unless it's magic to another dimension or something.
Tim Sackton: But Nerissa does, in fact, find, in the prayer book, the…
Mike: Well, while Marissa's doing that, Wazir will tinker with a few tools and create a crowbar.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: And sort of poke around a little bit, see if there's any good places to get leverage, and, you know…
Mike: Is there a weak spot in the wall?
Mike: I'm not gonna try and fry it open yet, I'm just investigating.
Tim Sackton: it is…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yes, I mean, so it clearly looks what…
Tim Sackton: I think what you could figure out is that… This is probably…
Tim Sackton: like, the wall is not… should be perfectly flush, but there's, like, these little cracks, right? Like, it's not… like, it's… there's a gap that's opened up, a tiny gap, but still a gap between the floor and the bottom of the wall. There's a faint seam that you can see once you know where to look.
Tim Sackton: And there's, like, a few places where there's, like.
Tim Sackton: Cracks in the wall that look like
Tim Sackton: I mean, this is not a fully intact, like, well-repaired shrine, right? So as bits of the wall have cracked off, but what it looks like to you is there's just a slab of stone.
Tim Sackton: And somebody, like, just cut a hole, and there's no mechanism, like, there's multiple places where you could get leverage to pry, but it's not really…
Tim Sackton: A door, in the sense, is not a hinge.
Mike: Right, okay, so the mechanism of the secret door is, like, make the stove disappear, or make it slide into some other…
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: There is definitely a few places where the construction has begun to kind of come apart.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: To the sense, to the point where it could.
Tim Sackton: Boom.
Mike: Okay, so, so, let's see if Nerissa can figure out how to open this with the thing, but otherwise, I'm gonna cast Reduce on the section of the wall that represents the door.
Tim Sackton: A classic trick.
Mike: But I'm not gonna do that yet. Let's see if we can get through it first.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Kate Sackton: Narissa reckons maybe the acoustics are better if she kneels down, so she kneels down.
Kate Sackton: And, directs towards the door.
Kate Sackton: A sort of sing-song chant of the,
Kate Sackton: Prayer that she's reading, informed by the vibe of the… the insight she's gained from flipping through some stories of the devout.
Kate Sackton: We've come to this place.
Tim Sackton: So… .
Kate Sackton: Sincere religious musical performance.
Tim Sackton: Yes, this is, let's see…
David S. Kong: What character class?
David S. Kong: Date is your character?
Kate Sackton: guard.
David S. Kong: Bart.
Kate Sackton: With a little fighter.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
David S. Kong: We don't have any spellcasters, huh? Vazir?
Tim Sackton: Howard's a spellcaster?
Kate Sackton: Prince of Spellcaster, I have all sorts of spells.
Mike: I mean, Lazier's not…
Kate Sackton: If Wazir doesn't shrink the door, I'll shatter it. Like, we'll get through.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: As you begin to sing song this prayer, you can see…
Tim Sackton: As you finish the words of the prayer, the door… Just, like, vanishes.
Tim Sackton: And… Oops, I was supposed to hide the name. That's okay.
Tim Sackton: How do you do that?
Tim Sackton: I'm still getting used to this, so…
Tim Sackton: D&D Beyond thing, although I kinda like it, I might switch to this for… Next campaign. Okay, so…
Eric Rosenbaum: Nicer, yeah.
David S. Kong: Whoa, what is that behind the door?
Tim Sackton: Behind… so in the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh… oh boy.
Tim Sackton: So, the… This?
Tim Sackton: secret door opens a… it slides open, and you can see that there's a chamber, behind it. The blue light is more intense in here,
Tim Sackton: And standing, like, holding this crystal, but seemingly, like, unable to move.
Tim Sackton: is… Large… Watery creature with a, like.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: what are elemental, like.
Tim Sackton: Their body kind of turns into waves towards the ground.
Tim Sackton: But then, as…
Tim Sackton: forms into arms and a torso covered in, sort of, scales and spines. But as they turn and stare at you.
Tim Sackton: It almost seems, as if their body itself is, like, all made of water, and they're just manifesting this shape on top of the water. They nearly entirely fill this space, but they seem… and again, like I said, the
Tim Sackton: Blue light is more intense in here, you can see the crystal.
Tim Sackton: And it's not obvious that this… this creature doesn't move towards you, initially.
Kate Sackton: Are Trox friends still here?
Kate Sackton: Any of them?
Tim Sackton: One of Troc's friends is still here, and yells, Bossman!
Tim Sackton: They're here to help!
Tim Sackton: From Gazankoa!
Tim Sackton: They're gonna bring the crystal to him!
Tim Sackton: And the creature turns and looks at you.
Tim Sackton: And says in this rumbling voice, Is that so?
David S. Kong: Metagame. Gazankoa was… was… we killed Gazankoa, right?
David S. Kong: What was guys in color again?
Mike: No, we killed Gaza Coas!
Mike: lock.
Tim Sackton: Gazankoa was the person who corrupt… was the…
Tim Sackton: elemental water creature that, A, corrupted Azir, who was, like, fighting against the merfolk, and B.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: was…
Tim Sackton: the power behind Berulli, Yeah. In the other campaign who took over the merfolk City.
David S. Kong: Right.
Mike: Baroli, the guy, like… the merfolk warlock dude who was, like… Right.
Tim Sackton: Like, a vowed enemy of the sentient ocean.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I just remember Gazankoa, Gazankoa. So, anyways, alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do I do?
Eric Rosenbaum: Try to intimidate this guy, too.
Tim Sackton: You can try.
David S. Kong: Wait, so he's just… so wait, so he is… he has the crystal, but it's just standing there?
Eric Rosenbaum: He's trapped.
David S. Kong: is trapped.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yep. Is that…
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Kate Sackton: Or he's decided.
Kate Sackton: Cross's boss and just stay in the temple, holding the.
Mike: Or he could get out of the temple, maybe.
David S. Kong: Why is he stuck?
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know.
David S. Kong: You wanna ask him?
David S. Kong: truck?
Eric Rosenbaum: Intimidatingly.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I'll just assume the… Bossman role, and say, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's going on here? Why are you stuck in there?
David S. Kong: Nice.
David S. Kong: Because you're higher ranked than him, the Gazan car.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
Tim Sackton: So, he sort of oozes through this,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: This doorway, like, his body distorting.
Tim Sackton: And steps forward.
Tim Sackton: Stock.
Tim Sackton: I'm not stuck, you fool, but thanks for opening the door.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That's damn light!
Tim Sackton: interfering.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Shakes his head.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Looks again at you.
Tim Sackton: Are you really a servant of Gazankoa? You don't look the type.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who were you to know?
Tim Sackton: He, like, grows slightly larger.
Tim Sackton: It's, like, bigger than you. I mean, this… this creature is, like, 10 feet tall.
Tim Sackton: And kind of swells slightly and holds up his hand, and you can see water beginning to spin around his hand to form like a… like a whip. And he holds up the whip as he's about to crack it on you. I am your better.
Tim Sackton: You will answer me.
Eric Rosenbaum: I, use my Giant's Might rune to become, large? Oh. Can I…
Mike: Wait, wait, wait, wait, I'll cast Enlarge Reduce and reward you.
Mike: Was it, was.
Tim Sackton: Deers, they're huge!
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, man.
Tim Sackton: Make an intimidation check.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The one…
Tim Sackton: Actually, a really annoying thing is you cannot change the size of tokens.
Eric Rosenbaum: On…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: On this, so, I don't know how to make you…
Tim Sackton: Huge.
Mike: I'll, like, get out.
Mike: Try and… yeah.
Mike: Why not make you giant? That's perfect.
Tim Sackton: So, so, as you… as Troc begins to grow to this larger size, and then…
Tim Sackton: Grows again to an even larger size, going from this, like, 5-, 6-foot-tall lizardfolk to, like.
Tim Sackton: a giant lizardfolk. Like, you're going from large, which is, like, 10 feet across, to huge, which is, like, 15 feet tall.
David S. Kong: Hell yeah.
Tim Sackton: Now, looking down on this creature, who's only about 10 feet tall.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make an intimidation, Jack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's a 12.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like you probably… don't you have, like, advantage for being bigger than… Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You always have a… you have advantage on intimidation checks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so I had to roll twice a second ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: Second one is a 15.
Mike: So it's gotta be weird.
Tim Sackton: Kind of…
Mike: Little better.
Tim Sackton: Kind of… Lowe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, wait, wait, I have… I have another thing that I can add a D4 with, don't I?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You could just use another second wind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, can I do Tactical Mind again?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yay!
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can use… you have 3 uses of it, right? Or 2 uses of it?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: dead.
David S. Kong: Totally.
Mike: At another descent.
David S. Kong: 50 plus 10.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me second.
Kate Sackton: I was gonna say, can I do a Burdick when we're not in, like, combat? I guess we're in combat. We haven't rolled initiative, so…
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, in my magical mind, anyway.
Tim Sackton: Normally you would have to give a Bardock out in advance, but it doesn't matter.
Mike: 10 of the tactical minds!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Again!
Eric Rosenbaum: Again.
Tim Sackton: Oh my gosh.
David S. Kong: I like it.
David S. Kong: We're never gonna… we're not gonna have to fight at all. Trak is there.
David S. Kong: Just… this is gonna be the best adventure of all time.
David S. Kong: Combinates his way.
Tim Sackton: truck.
Tim Sackton: The creature, like, genuinely… Shudders slightly and looks up at you as you grow.
Tim Sackton: Like, you have… very unusual companions.
Tim Sackton: But, I.
Eric Rosenbaum: None of your business.
Tim Sackton: If we…
Tim Sackton: If we can get out of this damn blue light, I can take you back to the plane of water.
Tim Sackton: I will even let you present the crystal to Gobankoa.
Tim Sackton: And… She turns and gives you the crystal.
Tim Sackton: problems.
Tim Sackton: Let us go.
Mike: Is the blue light something obvious here?
Mike: Like, can we all see a blue light? Like, is this just a little blue… like, is it filling the room?
Tim Sackton: The entire… sorry, I described this a few times, but maybe you missed it. So the altar is, like, swelling with this… is glowing with this blue energy, and it's, like, rolling, like, mist down off the altar, and spreading through the entire temple, and then into the water, and spreading and causing the water to light up.
Tim Sackton: The creature, the elemental creature, shakes its head and says, Somehow, when I…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Teleported through the stone into that room.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Triggered this damn light!
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Makes me, shiver a little, and…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Nothing I do to teleport works in this light. Couldn't even teleport back through the stupid stone.
Tim Sackton: My damn fool minions couldn't figure out how to read.
Tim Sackton: or anything.
Tim Sackton: I shouted for days for them to open this damn door, and they just ignored me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Tim Sackton: So… Your rescue as well, Tom.
Kate Sackton: Bossman. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And…
Eric Rosenbaum: lit.
Tim Sackton: Jasmine Koa's favor will fall heavily on you.
Mike: Let's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll give Gazankoa the full story of your performance in this matter, don't worry.
Tim Sackton: I found the fragment!
Tim Sackton: I did find the fragment.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where did you find it?
Tim Sackton: In that room.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm.
Tim Sackton: Some secret of the puny humans.
Tim Sackton: your… some of your companions… he, like, leans over, or doesn't lean over, leans up to look at Charles.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fine.
Tim Sackton: Some of your companions look like humans.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nothing to worry about.
David S. Kong: We're slaves.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've been insourceled.
David S. Kong: Yeah, just… No, no, actually, Ryu will point at Troc, and says in Primordial, Boss Man.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nod.
Tim Sackton: How far does the light extend? Maybe if we get…
Tim Sackton: back into the water and swim partway through, we can… We can teleport.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I've mined. What should we do here? Is that funny situation?
Eric Rosenbaum: We have to just sort of convince him that we're gonna, like…
Eric Rosenbaum: Go figure it out, and then just leave.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we just need.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But even if he goes back to the elemental plane of water without it, won't he just, like, come back here again tomorrow
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Get it back, like, have we really solved the problem if he leaves?
Kate Sackton: We leave with the shard.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we leave with the shard, we get it to Reyna, and then we're done.
Eric Rosenbaum: And he's still trapped here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What, can't you walk out the door?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: swim, you open the door.
Tim Sackton: He was trapped because he dimension-doored into the room, and then when he picked up the shard, it triggered something that.
Mike: And he can't.
Tim Sackton: Does not allow teleportation.
Tim Sackton: And then you open the door, and now he's like.
Tim Sackton: Great, if we get out of this stupid blue light, I can plane shift us back to the plate of water.
David S. Kong: We leave him in the blue light, we leave, and he stays in the blue light, and then he just stays there.
Kate Sackton: But he controls his dimension door, so he could drag us with him, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Planeshift only works on willing subjects.
Kate Sackton: Well then, no.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But again, won't he just plain shift out?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: See that we're not there. Plain shift back again tomorrow, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But do what?
Mike: Who cares?
Eric Rosenbaum: and go after the shard, like…
Mike: Wait, wait, don't we miss… we have the shard? Wait, wait, hold on. Did I miss something? Don't we have the shard?
Tim Sackton: shard.
Mike: So now, don't we just need to get away with the shark?
David S. Kong: Go, go, go to Reyna, and then run here!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, because presumably it has some way of finding or locating the shard.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Taking the shard does not solve the problem of him not looking for the shard and killing anyone who has it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well…
Tim Sackton: There is a possibility that if you just give the shard to Raina and she sails off, then two days later, he shows up in the ocean, sinks her boat, takes the shard.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what it is.
Tim Sackton: Maybe it wouldn't be your problem at that point.
Mike: Yeah, no, okay, that's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: We want to fight this guy in the Leviathan.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we want him to chase us to there.
Kate Sackton: Wait, why do we want to fight an angel of Ireland?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This whole thing is actually a property insurance scam.
Kate Sackton: That's right!
Kate Sackton: We're hoping to trash the joint, I get it.
David S. Kong: It's a good question where we want to fight this guy, because if we fight him here, then he's got a whole bunch of minions that might…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: We all set to kill.
Eric Rosenbaum: close quarters.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll keep the minions out, I got the doorway, and you… you all kill him.
Eric Rosenbaum: What about the open water?
Mike: Which of.
David S. Kong: They're loving what?
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, the ocean.
Eric Rosenbaum: That we just came in from.
Mike: No, Andrew's standing in the doorway. He'll keep anybody from…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh my god!
Tim Sackton: Ocean is probably the worst place to fight a water elemental.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, good point, good point.
Tim Sackton: Has a lot more maneuverability in ocean than you do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's a.
Kate Sackton: Little hint from the DM.
David S. Kong: We should kill it here, where it's not in the ocean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am I gonna be able to grapple?
Eric Rosenbaum: Something made of water.
Kate Sackton: He tries shoving him back into the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
Tim Sackton: It's not a… it's… it has a… it has a…
Tim Sackton: physical form, it's just shifting its form. It's definitely not immune to being grappled.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so…
David S. Kong: I like that. Put you back in the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: So Troc will just kind of, like…
Eric Rosenbaum: subtly signal to my crew that I'm the leader of, it turns out, for the purposes of this moment. Awesome, awesome. To kind of, like, just, you know, gather around a little bit, like, we're gonna, you know, just have a conversation.
Eric Rosenbaum: That will rapidly turn extremely violent. And I…
Eric Rosenbaum: Troc is gonna get in position to do Kate's idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: To try to shove him back through the door, so we can trap him in there, maybe?
David S. Kong: I like that.
Kate Sackton: I mean, there's not really a prayer for closing the door?
Kate Sackton: But…
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Maybe if I pray it backwards?
Tim Sackton: It's okay.
Tim Sackton: could try.
Mike: We trap a bit there, and then we just…
Mike: Stand to the entrance and kill him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: This doesn't seem hard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just bottling him up. Bottling him up.
Tim Sackton: okay, I need to figure out how to add…
Tim Sackton: How do you add a token to combat?
Mike: You just… you just have to click the little token browser.
Tim Sackton: Oh, add to encounter, okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Well, as soon as you start to push, I'm also gonna push it. I'm also gonna shove them with my mind.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we are push. We are, we are. No, but…
Mike: But…
Eric Rosenbaum: Wazir actually has telekinesis.
David S. Kong: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, nice.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… Tell me what's happening again?
Eric Rosenbaum: So… Trock is gonna subtly signal to everyone that we're just gonna, like… Jenkins.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I've strolled around to the other side of him.
David S. Kong: Geo's here. He's a bear.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm getting a bear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Kate Sackton: You have a nice secured bag pouch that you've shoved the shard into.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good question.
Tim Sackton: I think Gio's… Grizzly bear, I think, is that right?
Eric Rosenbaum: And…
David S. Kong: A polar bear?
Tim Sackton: It's probably too far south for a polar bear.
David S. Kong: Whatever, bear.
Kate Sackton: I mean, you could just hand it brusquely to one of us and say, hold that.
Mike: How big is the thing?
Tim Sackton: It's like… it's large.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it's big. Okay.
Kate Sackton: charge as long.
Mike: My homoculus cannot just grab it and foam. Sorry, the shard, you mean the shard?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's like, it's probably a… it's like, the size of a head, maybe?
Mike: So maybe my rocks.
Tim Sackton: head, obviously, but, like, a normal head.
Eric Rosenbaum: This truck has a scavenging bag, so…
Mike: Could my homoculus just grab it?
Mike: I don't know what its strength is, let me find out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): While you're doing that, whose bear is this?
Mike: at this point.
David S. Kong: come from?
Tim Sackton: Geo, that's Ryu's Ryu's Bear. Bear.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, your pet bear? Your friend bear? Like…
David S. Kong: Yeah, Ruth's got a familiar that changes from a bear to a shark to an offspring.
Mike: Kong is experimenting with a series of bear-based characters.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Strange.
Tim Sackton: 4…
David S. Kong: Have a.
Tim Sackton: Shark-bear strength. Tiny construct with a strength 4 could definitely not. It's the size of your… it's the size of your…
Mike: Fourth Street.
Kate Sackton: Right next to him, can't you hold the shard?
David S. Kong: I can hold the shard.
Mike: I mean, I could… I could take it, although…
Mike: Wazir's getting ready to, like… his armor's, like, starting to crackle with electricity, and he's getting ready to punch things with it, but, you know…
Kate Sackton: Don't do…
Kate Sackton: Andrew's got a sack, right? I've got a sack. So, they must be, like, adventurers who have sacks.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: I can cheat.
Tim Sackton: Places you can toss it.
Kate Sackton: head-shaped…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: charred gem thing into one of our sacks.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Put it in your sack.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And then… role initiative.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yay!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, wait, so I have a weapon of warning, so just… which gives us all advantage on initiative.
Mike: Oh, I think it's just you.
Tim Sackton: No, I think it's all allies within 30 feet. It's 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: It's everybody within 30 feet of Ander.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Different in this edition than the previous one.
Tim Sackton: So that's everybody.
Kate Sackton: So we roll twice and take the higher?
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yes. 22.
Eric Rosenbaum: funny.
Mike: 16.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oops.
Kate Sackton: was 12.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I rolled too many times.
David S. Kong: That's a fucking sick thing that all of us get.
Tim Sackton: What was… Wazira was 16? Yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Not 116.
David S. Kong: This is a magic item shorts?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, it's a weapon of warning, so the sword,
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, 20 for Ander, Trock, 22 for Rio, 16 for Wazir, 12 for Nerissa, is that right?
David S. Kong: That's an awesome item.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Do you know, with these, like, magic… or with the visualized dice that they're using in Rule 20, does it add the plus to it, or do I have to add myself?
Tim Sackton: Oh, if you just roll the dice by clicking roll dice, no. If you click on your character sheet to roll initiative, yes.
Kate Sackton: Clicked onto my character sheet to roll initiatives.
Kate Sackton: So it already did my pulse.
Tim Sackton: Yes. I assumed.
Kate Sackton: Okay, so… Confirming.
Tim Sackton: The creature… sees you beginning to move. And turns… And…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Holds up its hand.
Tim Sackton: And forms a massive jet of water.
Tim Sackton: That lies, is there, like, a…
Tim Sackton: There's a ruler, there's not, like, a…
Eric Rosenbaum: I have something funny I can do, okay.
Tim Sackton: There's not, like, a…
Mike: Overlay?
Tim Sackton: Or I guess there's a…
Tim Sackton: Oh, this thing, right? Is this gonna be per- oh, that's permanent, I don't want that. Can I get rid of that? Oh, no!
Tim Sackton: Okay, we can… So you can just change it to…
Tim Sackton: Oh, overlays, that's what I'm looking for. Overlays. Yeah. Okay, a line… Like this.
Tim Sackton: That's gonna strike…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Truck!
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: The minion creature, although these aren't actually minions, Ryu, Ander, and the brown bear, who all must make dexterity saving throws.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you sure it's not a strength saving throw?
Tim Sackton: I'm sure it's a dexterity saving throw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I thought it was strange.
Mike: Tim, can you add my humunculus onto the…
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: It's just under Companions, Wazir Simulus, but I don't… I tried clicking it, and it didn't show up, I think you have to add it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Can you control it? Yeah. Yep.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay, so… .
Tim Sackton: Trock?
Tim Sackton: Succeeds… .
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And…
Tim Sackton: Okay, so let me roll this.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so Truck succeeds, and is not…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Pushed, you're probably too big to be pushed anyway.
Tim Sackton: And takes… 15 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: And our… Ryu… This… this creature is just, also, knocked prone, and… So, Ander, Ryu.
Tim Sackton: The bear, can you roll a dex there for the bear, Kong?
David S. Kong: What do I… I don't know what that is.
Tim Sackton: So…
David S. Kong: Just roll a D20.
Tim Sackton: D20 plus…
David S. Kong: Hi, Phil.
David S. Kong: It's a 6.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it doesn't succeed. Okay, so the bear…
David S. Kong: The bear…
Tim Sackton: And our… And… At Ryu, each take…
Tim Sackton: 30 points of cold damage?
David S. Kong: What?
Tim Sackton: And are pushed.
David S. Kong: 30?
David S. Kong: Tim.
David S. Kong: It's a lot of data.
Tim Sackton: feet away and knocked prone.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit.
Tim Sackton: That's right. Troc takes 15 points of cold damage.
Tim Sackton: And…
Tim Sackton: is not knock-prone.
Tim Sackton: And that ends its turn.
David S. Kong: How many hit points does Geo have?
Tim Sackton: 25.
David S. Kong: Damn.
Tim Sackton: Ryu is up, so you are prone.
David S. Kong: can I… do stuff?
Tim Sackton: You can stand up, it takes half.
Eric Rosenbaum: My… I can use my reaction with the Cloud Rune to redirect damage that…
Eric Rosenbaum: I take to someone else, right?
Tim Sackton: Probably. I don't know how this works, I'm just checking.
Tim Sackton: Reactions.
Tim Sackton: It's hit by an attack roll, it's not, fail-a-save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay, I thought it was an attack.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Ryu.
Tim Sackton: What are you doing?
David S. Kong: Am I 60 feet away from the dude? Can I throw my spear- might throw my trident at him?
Tim Sackton: You are 30 feet away.
David S. Kong: I'll throw my, my Trident at him.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: 20.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Bad hits.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 10 damage.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Do I have a second attack?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yep.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Second attack… 21.
Tim Sackton: Not hits.
David S. Kong: None.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Also, don't forget, you should use your bonus action too, before you do that.
Tim Sackton: You have…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hunter's Mark?
Tim Sackton: So you can… you do an extra 1d6 damage every time you hit.
David S. Kong: Oh, cool.
Tim Sackton: So you should use your bonus action to cast that first.
David S. Kong: Okay, so I casted that first, and then now I roll 2d6 to damage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so you add 2D6.
David S. Kong: Nice. 6?
David S. Kong: 10. 10 more damage, nice. How's a… Slight bit of payback.
Tim Sackton: And that ends your turn, because you can't use your… you used your bonus action to set up Hunter's Ark, but next turn, you can use your bonus action to get the bear to attack.
Tim Sackton: If the bear survives till next turn.
David S. Kong: What!
Tim Sackton: It only has 5 endpoints.
David S. Kong: It's Geo. Geo is his name.
David S. Kong: Geo.
Tim Sackton: I'll… I'll name him. Ander, you're up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Aye.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Activate a second wind to heal 1d10 plus 6.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, as part of that, Sweet, so that's… 16…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have, for a tactical shift, I can move up to half my speed without provoking opportunity attack whenever I activate second wind with a bonus action, so I use that to stand up.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Now my regular action and move.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll move over to this guy, and just sort of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Standing the door, and I think.
Tim Sackton: Perfect.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who swings at him with the greatsword, so here comes number one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's, 16?
Tim Sackton: Okay, that hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That should be another plus 3 on top of that for, Shit, for something.
Tim Sackton: So, 13 total?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, 13 total.
Tim Sackton: This guy dies.
David S. Kong: Which guy?
Tim Sackton: Would that strike with your greatsword?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's disappointing. The guy, right there next to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: You just squished him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How far am I from the, from the big dude?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hey, that was our staff.
Tim Sackton: Probably… Can't get to the big dude.
Tim Sackton: You're 30, you're 25 feet away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll move 5 feet closer and throw a hand axe at him, then.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll do something like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And X… that's a 16?
Tim Sackton: a 16… Misses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. So it goes sailing past.
Tim Sackton: Sales passed away. Truck, you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. So…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: truck.
Tim Sackton: Giant truck. Enormous.
Eric Rosenbaum: The question is, how many attacks do I even have? Because I have multiple multi-attack things.
Tim Sackton: You have two.
Eric Rosenbaum: Two attacks, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I… I have a giant metal spike.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use as the great club.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then use that with push.
Mike: And your attacks, by the way, do an extra 1d4 damage from enlarge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, nice.
Tim Sackton: And also… Remember that if you use an unarmed strike.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Because you have…
Tim Sackton: It's a little bit complicated, but because you have
Tim Sackton: What is it, Tavern Brawler?
Tim Sackton: You can also…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Pushette.
Tim Sackton: with Tavern Brawler when you hit with an armed strike. So you can hit with your club and with Tavern Brawler, and since they're different pushes, you can move somebody 15 feet in one turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, well, let's try the Great Club first.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is a 23.
Tim Sackton: Bad hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's the 1D8 plus 5, and then… Plus a D4, also.
Eric Rosenbaum: So wait, that's a 10, and then I roll a D4 as well.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: There's some twirls…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So I… and then… And that's the club, so you can push it 10 feet away from you, so that's gonna be…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: like…
Tim Sackton: That's gonna be, like… I don't know if you're actually gonna be able to push it through this narrow door.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the funny thing, isn't it bigger than the door?
Tim Sackton: Well, it's… it, like, deformed its body to squeeze through before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, I'm gonna do my best to squish it through the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so I have to, like, run up to it to do the unarmed strike.
Tim Sackton: So, I think if you want to get it through the door.
Tim Sackton: You're gonna… you would have to grapple it, and then, like, you could… once it… if it's… if he's grappled, then you can get it through the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so that's my attack instead, is the grapple.
Tim Sackton: So your unarmed strike would be a grapple.
Mike: You do also have advantage on strength checks.
Eric Rosenbaum: True.
Mike: from Enlarge. You might already have it, but Enlarge.
Tim Sackton: Already has advantage on strength checks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so… I do arm-arm strike.
Tim Sackton: So you don't… if you're… if you roll, you don't,
Tim Sackton: If you grapple, you don't roll. It makes a strength saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I'll grab them.
Tim Sackton: So, it does succeed on the string saving throw.
Tim Sackton: So your grapple fails.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: But you still have a bonus action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Jesus, what are my bonus actions?
Eric Rosenbaum: And…
Tim Sackton: I mean, the main one would be…
Tim Sackton: 10 minute plus 10 to all ability checks and saving throws that use strength or con.
Tim Sackton: I don't know how useful that is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, whatever. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that ends Truck's turn with zeros up next.
Mike: Okay, so I will,
Mike: I'm gonna move towards it.
Mike: Like… It's sort of be right next to it.
Mike: There.
Mike: My Himoculus can, I think, make ranged attacks, let me double check.
Mike: Well, I'll go first. I will then punch it. Do I have any… are these guys, like… is thunder damage bad against water?
Tim Sackton: Where's Kenza when you need him?
Mike: I'll just try it.
Mike: Hold on, where's… Sorry, where… That, okay.
Mike: Thunder.
Mike: 19?
Tim Sackton: Gene hits.
Mike: 7 damage, he has disadvantage if he attacks anybody other than me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's…
Mike: the end of my next turn.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Second attack, 17?
Tim Sackton: That hits?
Mike: 1100 image?
Mike: And then my… as a bonus action, I guess there's not really… I can't really… there's no point in pushing him.
Mike: My homoculus will… Use its 30-foot range forced strike.
Mike: So, the little mechanical fish…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Sort of flies over here.
Mike: And then… Actually.
Mike: It flies over here.
Tim Sackton: Well, there, there's gonna be…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That thing is…
Tim Sackton: The altar and the statue are in the way.
Mike: Okay, well.
Tim Sackton: You have to get over the side there. Yeah, that's perfect, that's a good shot.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Clear shot.
Mike: It'll make a forced strike…
Mike: Which is plus 7… oh, he crits!
Mike: So, that's 2D6 damage…
Tim Sackton: I really like just seeing everybody's rules.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's nice.
Mike: 8 plus my spell, 8 plus 2. 10 damage.
Mike: As the little mechanical fish sends out this, like…
Mike: Scale that just smashes into this guy.
Tim Sackton: So…
Tim Sackton: Yes, as the mechanical fish smashes into this giant water creature, the…
Tim Sackton: Allies on the outside of the temple are beginning to react.
Tim Sackton: And, this one is, like, the… Scout is going to…
Tim Sackton: Ugh, can't really see past Geo.
Tim Sackton: just going to, hold out his hand in this jet of water. Scorching water shoots up.
Tim Sackton: Right underneath Geo.
David S. Kong: It's,
Tim Sackton: knowledge.
David S. Kong: Geo get to move or do stuff, like, in the.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry, Geo moves on your turn. Sorry, sorry, I forgot about that. Geo can move.
David S. Kong: And can GeoTransform?
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: When can geoic transform?
Tim Sackton: I mean, technically it's supposed to be long rest, but I've been running it like you have… it's like a minute ritual or something.
David S. Kong: Okay, alright, alright. Yeah, I guess in this case, I would probably want him, cause…
David S. Kong: What's his move? What's Geo's move? There.
David S. Kong: Oops.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Tim, an idea what… what…
Tim Sackton: Foot speed.
David S. Kong: I would have him move, is there a grid? Or are we just kinda…
Mike: You just… I've just been drawn with the ruler.
David S. Kong: I would have him move, like, you know, Like, near… near me.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: I don't know if you can get in front of me, or behind me, or near me.
Tim Sackton: He can get, like, to the side of you, like, there.
David S. Kong: Okay, yeah, let's do that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, this thing is still gonna target the giant bear, which is a 16 to hit.
Tim Sackton: And his AC is exactly 16, so that hits.
Tim Sackton: Geo takes… 9 points of bludgeoning damage and collapses.
David S. Kong: Noooo…
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, geez.
Tim Sackton: You can spend a first level spell slot to revive Geo, but it takes… it's a ritual, so you can't do it in combat. Alright.
David S. Kong: Well, I'll wait.
Tim Sackton: So Geo slumps over, and that ends this creature's turn.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Nerissa is up.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh, good.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh, it must be somewhere in the initiative order.
Kate Sackton: Alright, so Nerissa is next to…
Kate Sackton: This dude who is in between… Me, giant statue.
Kate Sackton: was here in Truck, and a room that he…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Kind of.
Kate Sackton: Maybe we'd fit into.
Kate Sackton: So if I hit him with dissonant whispers.
Kate Sackton: Would he try to run away into the room? Let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm…
Tim Sackton: I mean, you would run… you'd have to move… if you move so that you're, like, standing…
Tim Sackton: Between the statue and the altar, or, like, just… below truck.
Tim Sackton: So that he can run direct… yeah, run directly away from you, so you want to be, like, here if you want to try and get him to run into the room.
Kate Sackton: But I'm… Why not here?
Tim Sackton: Oh yeah, that's fine too, yeah, yeah. Then you wouldn't take an opportunity to attack if you just kind of move. So Nerissa, like, steps up onto the platform the statue is on, and then whispers a curse at…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: the creature.
Tim Sackton: What's that a wisdom saving throw?
Kate Sackton: Yep, some 15.
Tim Sackton: Oops, sorry.
Tim Sackton: That is a… 12.
Kate Sackton: So that…
Tim Sackton: And you notice, actually, as you cast your spell,
Tim Sackton: The blue light seems to be…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Almost grasping on this creature and, like, turning it to face the full brunt of the spell.
Kate Sackton: Friendly blue light.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it takes 16 points of psychic damage, and it uses its…
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: reaction to run into the room, Wazira and Troc both get opportunity attacks if you want to spend your reaction.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, I do.
Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I do… Sorry, 16?
Tim Sackton: damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great club, again.
Tim Sackton: That is…
Mike: I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: my head also.
Mike: Good.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Alright, Wazira's hits and Trox both hit, yeah.
Mike: state damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I do the… That's 12, plus the D4… 15.
Mike: Does this seem to be doing full damage? It's not like he's…
Tim Sackton: is not, you've been just doing thunder or bludgeoning, he's not resistant to anything that you've done.
Tim Sackton: Anne is bloodied as he staggers back against the wall in terror of Nerissa, and maybe also slightly in terror of the 15-foot-tall lizard man.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just gotta close the door.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that ends… Oh, Nerissa, bonus action?
Kate Sackton: Vertically inspire… Was there?
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, seriously, there's a door shutting thing.
Tim Sackton: That ends…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Let's not leave our trash around for someone else to clean up.
Mike: Is that trash?
Kate Sackton: The sky?
Mike: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Let's not just trap him in a temple.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so these… these creatures are all gonna have to use… are gonna have to dash in order to get…
Tim Sackton: Because this is difficult terrain, so in order to get up to the stairs, and up here, these ones, these… these two…
Tim Sackton: Are gonna dash forward.
Tim Sackton: This one is gonna…
Eric Rosenbaum: You guys work for me, what are you doing?
Tim Sackton: Nope, it's still gonna have to dash.
Tim Sackton: So these ones will all start…
Tim Sackton: Running up the staircase, but that is…
Tim Sackton: their full turn, but as they run up, you can see that their… their bodies, like, harden, like, slight icy sheen, forms, defensively around them, like, increasing their AC.
Tim Sackton: And that ends all of their turn, and now this one… Bum.
Tim Sackton: Is going to… These… these two are gonna run up here.
Tim Sackton: And then they're gonna yell.
Tim Sackton: At the ones in front, like, hey!
Tim Sackton: And just stand there, because they have no raged attacks.
Tim Sackton: And that will end their turns.
Tim Sackton: And that brings us back up to… the Elemental.
Tim Sackton: Who, fortunately, cannot do the water jet every turn.
Tim Sackton: But instead, this… this whip is forming, like, this watery whip forming in its hand, and it's gonna…
Tim Sackton: lash out.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: First strike at Nerissa.
Tim Sackton: with disadvantaged, not only from Wazir, but also from the blue light, which is tugging on its arm.
Tim Sackton: And that is a… 22 to hit, with disadvantage. Good roll. Yay!
Tim Sackton: And Nerissa takes… 16 points of slashing damage.
Tim Sackton: That is not a good role against Rock. That is a…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 13 to hit.
Tim Sackton: Still not a terrible role.
Tim Sackton: So that misses. And then Wazir, so one whip attack against each person, that's a 19 against Wazir.
Mike: risk.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: 21AC.
Tim Sackton: So that ends its turn.
Kate Sackton: Can I use cutting words on that?
Tim Sackton: On the one that hit you?
Tim Sackton: It was, 22 to hit, so what's your AC?
Kate Sackton: 16.
Tim Sackton: So… If you roll a 6. You'd have to roll a 6.
Tim Sackton: You'd have to roll a 7.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, after all.
Mike: Alright.
Kate Sackton: To make it go… make it not happen, but…
Tim Sackton: Oh, you can… Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: I'm getting worse for Dan.
Tim Sackton: You can reduce the damage, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: You, in fact, can definitely do that.
Kate Sackton: What is Sephardic Inspiration die for me at this stage?
Tim Sackton: I think it's a D8?
Tim Sackton: So you take… 8 points of damage instead of 16 points of damage.
Kate Sackton: Damn.
Tim Sackton: How are you?
Tim Sackton: You're muted, Kong.
David S. Kong: I'm gonna stay… 60 feet away, actually. I like not being necessarily in direct…
David S. Kong: Melee, and I… I'm stupid, I did some… I should have done more things with my Trident last time I realized, but now I… now I didn't. So, I'm gonna do Hunter's Mark.
Tim Sackton: You already have Hunter's Mark on the merid.
David S. Kong: Oh, I see, I see, I see. So now I can use my bon… oh, I can't, but I can't, I can't do my bonus action to attack them, to do anything, because Gia's unconscious.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's unconscious, so…
David S. Kong: What can I do with my bonus action?
Tim Sackton: Not much.
David S. Kong: And… Alright, well, I will,
David S. Kong: I will, throw my tridents.
David S. Kong: Dope, 14.
Tim Sackton: The elemental misses.
David S. Kong: I'll throw it again…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Nice. Okay, so that hits, 26 hits.
David S. Kong: But I'm going to do a, topple. If you hit a creature with a trident, you can force them to make a con saving throw.
David S. Kong: DCA plus 3 plus ability modifier.
David S. Kong: He used to make the attack.
David S. Kong: So, is that a…
Tim Sackton: 19, so it succeeds on that.
David S. Kong: Alright, then damage, it does… 7 plus… Where's…
Tim Sackton: I got it, 12 damage.
David S. Kong: 12, 12, hold on, but then I… there's a, then I roll another.
Tim Sackton: Oh, plus the 1D6.
David S. Kong: Where the hell is Manhunter's Mark?
David S. Kong: Alright, let's roll a D6. Oh yeah, here it is.
David S. Kong: So, another 1 damage.
David S. Kong: And… Poor GF.
David S. Kong: That's all I can do.
Tim Sackton: Ander?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm super excited.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Chop some of these guys up.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I'm gonna come down here, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Start… Swinging.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, on the guy directly to my left, and slightly above, here's the first, great start attack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's an 11?
Tim Sackton: Bad hits.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That hits.
Tim Sackton: AC is not great on these guys.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome, that's 15 damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Network.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Already bloodied.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Terrific. I will hit that guy again.
Tim Sackton: That's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's another… 18 damage.
Tim Sackton: dead.
Tim Sackton: So Ander takes two mighty swings, and the first…
Tim Sackton: Well, second, because you already killed one.
Tim Sackton: Of these.
Tim Sackton: Elemental water frog creatures dies before your blows.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Andrew's not quite done yet, though, because with great weapon mastery, I have Hue, so after I reduce creature to 0, I can make another attack with the same weapon as bonus action. So I'm gonna do that next.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Make that third attack on the guy just down.
Tim Sackton: Oh, great weapon mastery only adds the plus 3… Once per turn.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: No, what's.
Tim Sackton: It's not every attack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, so the… the second attack was only 15.
Tim Sackton: But that's fine, because you get 30 hit points.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna use her conspiration to re-roll that, because I think I just rolled something terrible.
Tim Sackton: You roll the natural wad.
Tim Sackton: A 10 still misses.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hang on, I feel like I have something I can do here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mooks?
Mike: You might just let yourself miss. I mean, I don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, no, but his pride is wounded.
Tim Sackton: You can action surge and make 2 more attacks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll do that next turn.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Yeah, you should always do something this turn instead of next turn.
Tim Sackton: It's always better to…
Tim Sackton: kill more enemies. I mean, they haven't gotten to attack yet, but they're gonna swarm you next turn, because there's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: The search and just kill them all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure. Yeah, why not? Why not? Great. I'll action surge. I'll do another two attacks. Here's another one on the one right next to me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is 13…
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is that one still standing?
Tim Sackton: Yes, it's still standing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Last attack… 10…
Tim Sackton: Bad luck, 10 misses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh well.
Tim Sackton: And to end his turn.
Tim Sackton: rock is up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just…
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait! Don't forget, with Greatsword…
Mike: Oh, you still do deaths if you miss.
Tim Sackton: You still do damage.
Tim Sackton: Grains. If your attacker with a greatsword misses, you can deal damage equal to the modifier used to attack. So when you miss, you do 4 damage. You always do deal damage. Every single attack that you miss deals.
Mike: 3 misses, so you do 12 more damage on that game.
Tim Sackton: Wow. Which… act… Oh no, he's not quite dead.
Tim Sackton: They have 30 hit points, so…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Boston.
Tim Sackton: So he's got, like, 5 hit points left.
Tim Sackton: So, that ends Ander's turn, as Truck steps up, giant, massive truck steps up to…
Eric Rosenbaum: I just walk up to the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: And swing with the great club.
Tim Sackton: Okay? With the iron spike, remember?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the iron spike, thank you.
Tim Sackton: That misses. Natural one always misses.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then again… Although, wait… Do I have an option on that?
Tim Sackton: You could use her… you could use… oh, no, you don't have heroic inspiration, because you're not a human.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. I swing again with the iron spike.
Eric Rosenbaum: 14 to hit.
Tim Sackton: That misses.
Tim Sackton: It's tight quarters in here, it's hard to get good momentum to hit through the door.
Tim Sackton: You could always act on Sarge to make 2 more attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I didn't know I had that. How do I do that?
Tim Sackton: Once per short rest, fighters can use Action Surge to… Oh, also don't forget,
Tim Sackton: Once on each of your turns, your attacks deal an extra 1d6 damage from Giant's Might.
Tim Sackton: And you deal 1d6 extra 4, so… the first time you hit each turn, you do an extra 1d6 plus 1d4.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, jeez, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So 2 more iron spike swings. That's a 20-day…
Tim Sackton: I guess.
Tim Sackton: So, great club damage, plus 1d4, plus 1d6.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's 12 plus…
Eric Rosenbaum: Five.
Eric Rosenbaum: 17.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then another… Bike swing.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's 18.
Tim Sackton: That is… Second spike swing, swings, slams into this creature.
Tim Sackton: I'm doing another 6 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Plus the Yv4.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just enough.
Tim Sackton: Plus the three, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: stagger… staggers back slightly as the blue light seems to get more intense, guiding your weapon strikes, as Wazir…
Mike: So… Andrew, are you scared about these guys?
Mike: How badly hurt… I mean, this guy's bloodied, right?
Tim Sackton: Oh yeah, well, past bloodied.
Mike: M…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I'm… I actually feel… Totally confident about.
Mike: Do you want?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The remaining 7.
Mike: You don't want any help.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They can only come through two at a time. I… this is light work.
Mike: Okay, you sure?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, worry about the other guy first.
Mike: Alright, well, my Himakos will make… well, no, I guess I have to go first. I will just… I guess I'll just punch the guy.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so I'm gonna assume that Troc, knowing Wazir wants to attack, is gonna step out of the way, because Troc is, remember, 15 feet tall and massive, so unless Troc steps to the side, Wazir will not be able to fight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: 7.15?
Tim Sackton: 15 misses.
Mike: I should only be clicking my actual attack instead of just rolling the die, but… 19.
Tim Sackton: 19 hits.
Mike: Shh, okay.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: So that is… 7 damage, and again, he has disadvantage on any attacks, except… Mine, I will…
Mike: But there's nowhere really for him to go, pushing him back, right?
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: basically can't move. You've accomplished what you can accomplish with push. Okay.
Tim Sackton: dissonant whispers.
Mike: Hymocalus will come over there.
Mike: And… make an attack.
Mike: What's its plus?
Mike: I think it's my spell… it's my spell tax at 20.
Tim Sackton: Catheads. Yeah.
Mike: So… 6 damage.
Tim Sackton: With these blows from Wazira, the creature staggers back a little, and you can see it beginning to sort of, look around, nervous, like, uncertain what's happening, yelling for its minions to help.
Tim Sackton: As this one in the back causes another burst of scalding water to fly up around Ryu.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That is a…
Tim Sackton: 8, which misses.
Tim Sackton: And then it is Nerissa's turn.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: Is there a path for me past Giant Truck, or, like, do I have enough move to go all the way around past Wazir, or…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I think you can, I mean, you can watch Around the statue, and…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if you want to attack him…
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I'll assume was your, like, move the… I mean, this room at the doorway.
Tim Sackton: here, as long as you're sort of moving around and taking turns.
Kate Sackton: Alright, I'm gonna…
Tim Sackton: Oh, really should get an opportunity attack against Troc.
Kate Sackton: Well…
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is…
Kate Sackton: You're really gonna… If you're… oh, okay.
Mike: He would also have disadvantage on that.
Tim Sackton: The blue light is making them our disadvantage on everything.
Mike: Yeah, so the disadvantage feature is not that useful, okay.
Tim Sackton: Well, normally this creature… this would be… it's cool. It's not…
Mike: Not useful against this.
Tim Sackton: one enemy.
Mike: Yeah, it's just, it's maybe not… yeah, okay.
Mike: It's not… it's not… I didn't mean that, I just…
Mike: I might attack something else next turn if he's not dead, just, I was thinking it's really valuable to attack him, because it plays disadvantage, but…
Tim Sackton: It sounds like.
Mike: Strictly… true.
Kate Sackton: Oh, jeez, so my first roll on my sword is that one.
Tim Sackton: I do have heroic inspiration, if you want to re-roll that.
Kate Sackton: Jar!
Kate Sackton: That's fine.
Tim Sackton: Much better, that hits.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: 15 points of piercing damage.
Tim Sackton: So remember to also add the… True Strike Extra Damage.
Kate Sackton: With… is that a… in the… under the cantrips?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I made it under your attacks. If you click attack, it should show up.
Tim Sackton: It says, Tree Strike Extra Damage.
Kate Sackton: Oh, right.
Kate Sackton: So… an extra 3.
Tim Sackton: So, Nerissa steps forward with her sword and pierces the creature for 18 points of damage as her sword glows with this
Tim Sackton: I don't know what it looks like when you… Attack people with your… Combination of magic and…
Tim Sackton: Swordness. Whatever it looks like.
Kate Sackton: It's a little bit glittery.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: And that ends Narissa's turn, and these creatures now will… Rush forward…
Kate Sackton: And if there's any need for me to, like, shuffle to make room for the next person in a way that doesn't cause me to take an opportunity to…
Tim Sackton: It only gets one opportunity attack per.
Tim Sackton: Is this circle? Does anybody need this circle?
Mike: Oh, oops, no, that was just me exploring.
Mike: I was debating casting a spell over there.
Tim Sackton: This one's gonna go here. This one's gonna go there. Okay, so…
Tim Sackton: One attack on Ryu, two attacks on… Ander… Where there's, like, swinging, scimitars.
Tim Sackton: So, Ander, that is a… 16…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this…
Tim Sackton: And then a 18…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's it.
Tim Sackton: So the 18 does 9 point… 11 points of piercing damage.
Tim Sackton: And the scimitar, like, watery tendrils wrap around the scimitar.
Tim Sackton: Out from the scimitar and grapple you.
Tim Sackton: So while you are grappled.
Tim Sackton: You… Can use your action to…
Tim Sackton: Make a Strength or Dexterity check to escape.
Tim Sackton: You have… Otherwise, your speed is zero and nothing else. I don't think it…
Tim Sackton: You have a disadvantage on attack rolls other than the grappler.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Good.
Tim Sackton: But you could just…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): grappler.
Tim Sackton: Grapple ends if you kill the grappler, yes. So that is probably your strategy.
Tim Sackton: That was the two attacks on…
Tim Sackton: on Andar, and then the one attack on Ryu is… 22…
Tim Sackton: So Ryu, you take 11 points of piercing damage, and you are also grappled.
David S. Kong: Whaaat?
David S. Kong: Wax.
Tim Sackton: ends… Their turn, and then… This one…
David S. Kong: Are we close to.
David S. Kong: yet? Is he, is he, like, bloodied?
Tim Sackton: Oh, he's… he's well past bloody, he's below a quarter health.
Tim Sackton: And then,
Tim Sackton: This one is gonna make… this one… is gonna make two… like, take this watery whip and strikes it at…
Tim Sackton: Ander…
Tim Sackton: The first one is a natural 1 that misses, the second whip strike is, 24. So that one hits, and you take 6 points of slashing damage, and
Tim Sackton: Fixed points of lightning damage as shocks of electricity run along the…
Tim Sackton: Run along the, the water.
Tim Sackton: The next one is going to attack, Ryu with its whip.
Tim Sackton: That's a… 15? What's your AC?
David S. Kong: 17, and this is…
Tim Sackton: and an H.
Tim Sackton: So both attacks miss Ryu, and that ends their turns.
Tim Sackton: Which brings us back to… The. Beginning.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The…
Tim Sackton: Elemental.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hot.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Suddenly…
Tim Sackton: Turns into this burst, this, like, gaseous form of water.
Tim Sackton: And it's going to move…
Tim Sackton: Oh no, that's not actually that useful.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, it's still gonna do it, cause it wants to get away from you.
Tim Sackton: It is gonna move… 10 feet as a gaseous cloud.
Mike: Good friend.
Tim Sackton: That will end his… end his turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where you going, buddy?
Mike: Yeah, where are you?
Tim Sackton: God.
Tim Sackton: And that brings up Ryu.
Tim Sackton: So you're grappled by the, I don't know if you can see it in…
Tim Sackton: red when I highlight it, but… Okay, you are grappled by… By this one here.
David S. Kong: Got it. Okay.
David S. Kong: How do I ungrapple myself?
Tim Sackton: You either take an action to make a dexterity saving throw, or you kill the thing that's grappling you.
David S. Kong: How many hit points?
Tim Sackton: Or you… if you push it away from you, if you force it to move, you can also…
Tim Sackton: And the grapple.
David S. Kong: Hmm… I mean, I have an 18 strength.
David S. Kong: I'm, like, really… I'm strong. That's cool. Never had a strong character before.
Tim Sackton: You could almost certainly break out of the grapple, it just costs your entire action.
Tim Sackton: So you can't attack. So unless you are trying to… .
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was like, you may as well just attack the guy who scrappled you, because, like, you gotta attack him anyway, sooner or later.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Alright. But I can attack him with my, like, with my trident?
Tim Sackton: You can stab people with your Trident just as well as you can throw with it.
David S. Kong: Alright, I will do that. Can I… oh, do I, can I hunters mark him as a bonus action?
Tim Sackton: Yes, you can… you move your Hunter's Mark from the…
Tim Sackton: From the main creature to him.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Alright, cool.
David S. Kong: I'll do that, and then, first attack with Trident.
David S. Kong: 23, that hits.
Tim Sackton: That's…
David S. Kong: Do I do D10 plus 5, or D8 plus 5?
Tim Sackton: Oh, you should be doing… when you're stabbing with Mei Li, you're holding it with two hands, you do D10. When you're throwing it, you do D8.
David S. Kong: So that's 13, plus… 6…
David S. Kong: Nice, that's another… so that's 16 total?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's the left.
Tim Sackton: Still alive.
David S. Kong: Are you all seeing my dice?
Tim Sackton: I love your dice.
David S. Kong: I'm rolling, I'm rolling fuzzy days.
Tim Sackton: That's…
David S. Kong: Nice, and that does… What does that do?
David S. Kong: 10 plus… 15.
Tim Sackton: That kills them.
David S. Kong: Nice, I no longer grapple now.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So Rear just takes his trident, just stabs it at this creature. There's, like, these…
Tim Sackton: Tendrils of water wrapping up from its scimitar, and you're just like, and it crumples into a puddle that brings up ander.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And it gets to work chopping. The guy right above me has me grappled.
Tim Sackton: grappling you, yeah. And the one… the one who's not grappling you is badly wounded.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's start with the guy who has grappled me.
David S. Kong: So this ended up being dumb, because we should have killed these guys all first, at once, and then… but now we're fighting them all at the same time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But we… we got it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, we got it. That would have been slightly easier.
Mike: But we have the crystal, we don't have to worry about…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right. Make that a 12 for the greatsword against the grapple guy.
Tim Sackton: 12 damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's probably not enough for him.
Tim Sackton: They seem to all have about 30 hit points.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Same guy… That, hopefully, is enough? Almost?
Tim Sackton: 10 is not enough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): no, sorry, 14.
Tim Sackton: 14 and 12 is only 26. You need 4 more. So both of these are badly wounded, but neither one is dead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hang on just one sec…
Mike: You're remembering that when you miss, you do damage?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I hit them, both of them. I'll bonus action second wind, and heal myself.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Do you actually need help after all?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, it's just gonna take longer than expected.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I keep waiting to roll some crits.
Mike: Who's that?
Mike: Truck?
Tim Sackton: Truck.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I'm just, making more hits again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, this guy…
Mike: Sarah's death, right? We don't care about.
Tim Sackton: The bear is dead. Yeah.
David S. Kong: It's just a body on the ground.
David S. Kong: I mean…
Mike: We care a lot about the bear, it's just, we're not gonna hurt the bear more by hitting it with spells, right?
Tim Sackton: Correct.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, he's just temporarily unconscious, just needs to be rebushed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, 23 to hit with the spike.
Kate Sackton: Geo is cleverly in a spell-resistant state. 23 hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then…
Eric Rosenbaum: and…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That's 12.
Tim Sackton: It is, however, quite difficult to damage something that's just made out of missed.
Tim Sackton: So, you do half damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then do I add the D6 and D4 this time?
Tim Sackton: Yup, you do add both the D6 and D4.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's another 9.
Tim Sackton: So that is 4.
Eric Rosenbaum: On top of…
Tim Sackton: So as… as Chalk starts, like, wailing at this, like, misty form, it's…
Tim Sackton: It's, like, not as effective as you would… or maybe it's exactly as effective as you would think, hitting a cloud of mist with a,
Tim Sackton: Broken shard of a church window.
Tim Sackton: Church window frame.
Tim Sackton: Which I will do again.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's 16.
Tim Sackton: 16 misses.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm done.
Tim Sackton: So… Wazira's up.
Mike: I'm gonna… I'm gonna cast Shatter right there.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: So, they all… DC.
Tim Sackton: Conse?
Mike: In con safe.
Tim Sackton: Whoops.
Tim Sackton: That's a…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 19…
Tim Sackton: And then a…
Tim Sackton: 16…
Tim Sackton: 11…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: and 11.
Mike: The two who failed at take 12, the two who made it take 6.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Oh, so that still kills this one.
Mike: And then… Do any… are any of them badly hurt?
Tim Sackton: The only two… Things on the battlefield that aren't badly hurt are…
Tim Sackton: These, like, sort of… oops.
Tim Sackton: These, like, slightly stronger creatures that are fighting with whips.
Mike: There's a difference between…
Tim Sackton: These two are fighting with whips, these ones are fighting with scimitars.
Mike: Okay, I'll… my homoculus will shoot at one of the, the badly hurt Scimitar guy.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: miss.
Tim Sackton: what's your plus? Their AC is only 11.
Mike: 7.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay, so miss.
Tim Sackton: That ends Wazir's turn. This one…
Tim Sackton: It's going to run into the water.
Tim Sackton: Nerissa?
Tim Sackton: Running away?
Kate Sackton: It's running away.
Tim Sackton: This creature here is running away, yes.
Tim Sackton: Not the big boss.
Kate Sackton: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do I get an opportunity, Zach?
Tim Sackton: No, it was standing out on the beach. It was the one that was shooting bursts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, totally.
Tim Sackton: Steaming water.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: I am…
Kate Sackton: I'm sort of…
Kate Sackton: Again… I guess I'll just sort of maneuver…
Kate Sackton: Does it get an opportunity attack if I…
Kate Sackton: Walk around my alley to come back to be next to it again.
Tim Sackton: Wha-.
Kate Sackton: You're going after the big one?
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: boss. I'm sorry.
Kate Sackton: So…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, it's a cloud of… it's a cloud of gas right now.
Kate Sackton: It's okay, I mean…
Tim Sackton: You can still try and attack it, you can walk through it, it's not, like…
Kate Sackton: Well, then I…
Tim Sackton: It's substantial.
Kate Sackton: I'm gonna walk through it to my favorite…
Kate Sackton: Perch on top of a,
Kate Sackton: On top of a statue pedestal, and it's still in between two of my allies, and I'm gonna… it's just…
Kate Sackton: Disney whispers it again.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So that's a wisdom save.
Tim Sackton: Disadvantage… That is, 6.
Kate Sackton: Well, that does not help it.
Kate Sackton: So, 15…
Tim Sackton: So, it takes 15 damage.
Tim Sackton: It is not resistant to psychic damage in this form. The rest of you…
Tim Sackton: Wazira and Troc can make… Opportunity attacks, as that…
Tim Sackton: Slips through a crack in the wall and disappears.
Kate Sackton: Oh, man, I forgot that it could… That was insubstantial. Sorry, guys.
Mike: 17?
Tim Sackton: 17 hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: 27.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Damage.
Tim Sackton: What kind of damage?
Mike: Thunder.
Tim Sackton: truck, sex damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plus D6, or no?
Tim Sackton: You added D4 to all your attacks. Just plus the D4. The D6 is only on your turn, so it doesn't count on opportunities.
Tim Sackton: Okay, it disappears.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: -Oh.
Tim Sackton: That ends… Norissa's turn.
Tim Sackton: Okay, who is not dead down here?
Tim Sackton: This… one who's grappling. Ander is not dead. Since you're grappled… He is going to…
Tim Sackton: His sword is going to, like, this, like, the…
Tim Sackton: Tendrils that are grappling you, he's gonna twist his sword, make a constitution saving throw.
Tim Sackton: As burning acid shoots through the water.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 14?
Tim Sackton: You succeed.
Tim Sackton: You take… Half damage, which is 4 acid damage, and the acid does not linger on your body.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: That ends its turn. This one, who is…
Tim Sackton: Badly wounded. It's gonna turn and run.
Tim Sackton: The two ones with whips?
Tim Sackton: Let me roll a D20.
Tim Sackton: Or I'm gonna turn and run.
Tim Sackton: So, you could take opportunity attacks against them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With disadvantage, is that right?
Tim Sackton: With disadvantage, because it's not the target of… it's not who's grappling you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. That was a 1.
Tim Sackton: So that misses, Kong. Opportunity Attack for Ryu.
David S. Kong: One second… And… 24.
Tim Sackton: Bad hits!
David S. Kong: 12.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Bloody, but they're slightly stronger, so not dead.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that ends their turns. That brings us back to something happening that you can't see.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm…
Tim Sackton: And then to Ryu.
David S. Kong: What the fuck? .
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, I guess I'll just kill the dude that… is he still grappling, Ander?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Hunter's Mark?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: On that guy.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: First attack, 15?
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Tim Sackton: And this one is dead.
David S. Kong: Cool. And there's nothing else there, right?
Tim Sackton: Well, you could throw a spear at one of the ones.
David S. Kong: That's funny.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, sure, I'll do that, why not? I'll throw a spear at one of the guys outside.
David S. Kong: And… Let's see… 14?
Tim Sackton: 14 hits!
David S. Kong: And I do 9 damage.
Tim Sackton: Remember, you can also attempt to topple.
David S. Kong: Oh, thank you. Yeah, I will do that.
Tim Sackton: That's a constitution saving throw?
David S. Kong: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So that's a… Dex… I think? No, a 16.
David S. Kong: So he… no, no, that fails, because I have a DC… DC19, right? It's DC8 plus 3 plus the ability modifier used to make the attack, which is an 8.
Tim Sackton: No, it's a 4.
David S. Kong: F4?
Tim Sackton: It's just a plus 4 on your strength.
David S. Kong: Oh.
Tim Sackton: So he succeeds.
David S. Kong: Alright.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Fun.
Tim Sackton: And Ryu's turn, Ander is up.
Tim Sackton: You are no longer grappled.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Let's go chop some of these dudes up.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Huh?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I'm gonna go after him?
David S. Kong: The beach…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And… are either of these injured?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Both of them are injured, in fact. Great. I'll swing at the one on the right to start with.
Tim Sackton: That misses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll use a thing that I forgot this entire fight, which is that I have Lucky. So I'm gonna re-roll that with Luck Point.
David S. Kong: How often do you use.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How about 13?
Tim Sackton: 13 just hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Great, that's gonna be, 11 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Looking hurt.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But not dead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Swing again?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna use another luck point.
Tim Sackton: I'm excited to get.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Jesus!
Tim Sackton: Not lucky today.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Terrible rolling.
Tim Sackton: Very bad rolling.
Kate Sackton: Do you do 4 damage for missing?
Tim Sackton: Do you get 4 damage for missing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does that…
Tim Sackton: Doesn't kill it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): unfortunate.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hello.
Tim Sackton: truck.
Eric Rosenbaum: What can I do here?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Let's see…
Eric Rosenbaum: How far am I from the action?
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't even get there.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I just run over.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Gosh.
Kate Sackton: Towards the door.
Tim Sackton: So… you can go… I mean, if you dash, you can go 60 feet, you can be standing… There.
Tim Sackton: So that would use your full turn.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, may as well.
Tim Sackton: So you can get yourself to, like… to, like, hear-ish? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Although you might not want to completely block the… well… This, you're…
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm dear.
Tim Sackton: Big enough, actually, that Ryu can just run underneath your legs, because you're two sizes bigger than him.
Tim Sackton: Since you're huge and he's medium.
Tim Sackton: What's the error?
Mike: Okay, my homunculus will go 30 feet.
Mike: And then, attack… oh, no, sorry, me first.
Mike: Are any of them hurt? What's their story?
Tim Sackton: All of them are hurt, except for the… the, like, water squirting guys.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Which were the weak ones? Which were the strong? Which was the…
Tim Sackton: These are the strong ones, this is the weak one, this is the boiling water.
Tim Sackton: Elemental.
Mike: casts…
Tim Sackton: This is the only person on the battlefield who's not hurt.
Tim Sackton: Unless some of you have managed to not take damage.
Mike: I have not taken any damage. I'll throw a magic missile at whichever one of these two guys in the front next… no, sorry, at this guy. This guy's weaker, right?
Tim Sackton: The weak one back here.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yes, okay.
Tim Sackton: How much damage does that do?
Mike: 3D4 plus 3?
Mike: That's 9 plus 3, 12 damage.
Tim Sackton: That does not kill him.
Mike: Alright, the homunculus will attack him too, then.
Tim Sackton: That's… as long as he hits, that will auto-kill him.
Mike: 13.
Tim Sackton: Yep, that hits.
Tim Sackton: So this fish scale flies out and strikes him.
Tim Sackton: As he dies, and then you hear… truck.
Tim Sackton: And Ryu, you hear… You coward! Stand and fight!
Tim Sackton: And…
Eric Rosenbaum: This…
Tim Sackton: on waivers!
Tim Sackton: And then, like, tentatively turns…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: and…
Tim Sackton: Shoots this boiling water burst.
Tim Sackton: at… Truck, which is going to… that's a 22.
Tim Sackton: So you take… 9 plus 2… you take 9 points of fire damage.
Tim Sackton: From the steam, and then it's gonna move, like, a little bit into the water.
Tim Sackton: And then it's Nerissa.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ugh.
Kate Sackton: I guess I'll just…
Kate Sackton: Dash… Hmm… No, I'll do my…
Kate Sackton: I'm having trouble with me.
Kate Sackton: We'll do my normal move.
Kate Sackton: And then from here, I'll…
Kate Sackton: Vicious mocktail?
Tim Sackton: 60 feet? Yeah.
David S. Kong: Secret Classic.
Kate Sackton: the guy… To the right.
Kate Sackton: In front of Ander.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So that's a wisdom saving throw.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: which is an 8.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no. So that fails.
Kate Sackton: And…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So that's that image 6.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And he has disadvantage on his next attack roll.
Tim Sackton: Anything else?
Kate Sackton: Nope, I don't know why it says it's customized, but I guess everything that it's customized to do has been done, so…
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: These two are going to both…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Swing their whips.
David S. Kong: Sorry, Tim, quick… quick, just timing question. Are we… is this… are we trying to finish this whole thing tonight? Or are we… is there… is there a part two? Are we…
Tim Sackton: I mean, this combat is… should theoretically be over in the next… 5 or 10 minutes.
Tim Sackton: So, I was thinking, yes, if we can… if we can go, like, a little bit past… just a few minutes past midnight.
Tim Sackton: I was aiming to end a slightly sooner, but it just feels like we may as well… because there's not much to do after this, you have the shard, right?
David S. Kong: Okay, alright.
Tim Sackton: Two whips, Ander…
Tim Sackton: Those are… What's your AC?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 18.
Tim Sackton: Oof.
Tim Sackton: Only… only the second one gets one whip attack to hit you.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Which is gonna do a total of…
Tim Sackton: 8 points of slashing damage and 3 points of lightning damage, but as the lightning crackles along you,
Tim Sackton: It's like, Shock and Grasp, you can't make opportunity attacks until the start of its next turn, and then they are going to take the opportunity to flee into the water.
Tim Sackton: And you see this thing coming around the corner, yelling at them.
Tim Sackton: Cowards!
Tim Sackton: Stand and fight!
Tim Sackton: And that… will then… Turn… and make…
Tim Sackton: one water whip attack against Ander.
Tim Sackton: That is going to be a 19.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: So, Andrew takes… 19 points of slashing damage, and then it's gonna make a water whip attack against… the…
Tim Sackton: creature… it has to get a little closer against the creature who's fleeing.
Kate Sackton: I would…
Tim Sackton: Which is going to hit.
Tim Sackton: And DL.
David S. Kong: Damn.
Tim Sackton: 16 points of damage, and this one dies, and it says, I told you to fight!
David S. Kong: Ouch.
Tim Sackton: And then it's gonna make a wider whip attack against Troc.
Tim Sackton: Which is going to be a 27 to hit, and that's gonna do 16 points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: And now, can I use my cloud?
Tim Sackton: Yes, you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does that do, exactly?
Kate Sackton: Andrew, did you take damage from the whip creatures that were at the foot of the stairs before the big guy attacked you?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Cause I could.
Eric Rosenbaum: P.
Kate Sackton: So I was thinking I was cutting words in them, but then I wasn't sure if they were actually dealing damage.
Tim Sackton: Creature within 30 feet of you becomes the target of the attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, that would be.
Tim Sackton: So, you could make this one, who is 25 feet away from you, the target of the attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Green one.
Tim Sackton: Oh, the green one, who is… Yeah, either one.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Green one doesn't have very many hit points, with my husband standing back, so…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The.
Tim Sackton: the whip strikes out at Troc, but then you basically just take your giant arm and you knock it away, one of your pet pus flaring as you do, and it strikes this one, nearly killing it with one blow.
Tim Sackton: It is now… Ree's turn.
David S. Kong: We will just… I mean, do I have advantage to throw a javelin at him, or throw my trident here, or should I move a little bit more? I move, like, right here, maybe?
Tim Sackton: You gotta get down a little bit further to throw… you gotta get onto the…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you have to run on their truck's legs, basically, and get out onto the beach.
David S. Kong: Sure, from the top of the stairs?
Tim Sackton: Actually, you could probably throw it from there.
David S. Kong: Alright, I'm gonna, Hunter's Mark the dude.
David S. Kong: And then, first attack… So, 11.
Tim Sackton: mess.
David S. Kong: Second attack… 19.
Tim Sackton: Pets.
David S. Kong: And I do… 8 plus… D6… So I do.
Tim Sackton: So, as the…
Tim Sackton: As the hunter's mark latches on to this creature, you can see its body begin to convulse, and as your trident hits it, it just suddenly deflates.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm.
Tim Sackton: Collapses into a puddle of water, and you see this, like, vague form in the mist begin to swirl up.
Tim Sackton: And you hear this, Distant echo in the wind doesn't Goa will hear of this.
David S. Kong: Fantastic.
Tim Sackton: As he dies.
David S. Kong: Got some koa, got some koa.
Tim Sackton: And then… In the next few minutes, you manage to…
Tim Sackton: kill all these last two creatures, keeping them from swimming off and potentially attacking Reyna.
Tim Sackton: And you find yourself now… Staring at this crystal.
Tim Sackton: Which begins to…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: like… Who's holding it?
Kate Sackton: Maybe put it in either my bag or was yours.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
David S. Kong: It's a bag.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well… Nerissa is the one who… who hears it,
Tim Sackton: Sort of echoing in the back of your mind this faint melody, almost a lullaby.
Tim Sackton: of…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: peaceful sleep.
Tim Sackton: And… of quiet gratitude.
Tim Sackton: I do… I guess leave? I don't know, is there anything else you're doing in the temple?
David S. Kong: Is there anything else cool that we find?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, take a look around.
David S. Kong: Do we liberate? Anything else?
Kate Sackton: Crypt is coming!
Tim Sackton: completely flooded.
David S. Kong: I, revived, Geo.
David S. Kong: AKA turf game.
David S. Kong: Can we… can I… like, you know, is there any cool treasure to liberate, you know?
David S. Kong: Cool items.
Tim Sackton: I mean… Troc already looted all of the offerings.
Tim Sackton: Left here for Guzo the Mariner.
Tim Sackton: Otherwise, I mean, this… there's been…
Tim Sackton: This is not an intact ruin, there's been a bunch of… there's been, like, storms that have swept through, and the floor is, you know, it's piles of rubble, mostly.
David S. Kong: Alright, let's get outta here.
Tim Sackton: So you swim back, and meet Raina.
Tim Sackton: talk to her a bit, I guess, assume, give her the shower?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That's what she wanted, right?
Tim Sackton: And… as you hand it over to her, there's… you all sort of see this…
Tim Sackton: song image in your mind. It's painting a picture of…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: some… Distant, but also close place.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Deep in the ocean, surrounded by waving kelp fronds and…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: People that look like fish swimming, And… giving thanks.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: They seem to be… Rebuilding something
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Tearing down… structures, and then singing to the kelp as it begins to weave itself into these elaborate,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You wouldn't really call them houses, they're like…
Tim Sackton: They're like treehouses beneath the ocean, but, like, branches and things…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Forming this, like, tangled naturalistic structure with these sort of nests for…
Tim Sackton: For people to… to sleep in, and…
Tim Sackton: The… there's this pulse of longing from the crystal, like… And wants to go home.
Tim Sackton: You all feel this, but Raina… Says that she'll take it.
Tim Sackton: She's seen this vision before. She knows…
Tim Sackton: Roughly where this is. Somewhere off the coast of Vaporia, she says.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The crib.
Tim Sackton: Crystal can guide me, I'm sure, she says.
Tim Sackton: And so…
Tim Sackton: That afternoon, you return to the Leviathan Inn.
Tim Sackton: and begin… Whatever's next.
Tim Sackton: Helping Raina get settled.
Tim Sackton: She's gonna stay another night before leaving in the morning.
Tim Sackton: To sail across the big expanse of the Mawar Ocean in the Gulf of Chardin to reach Aporia.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And hopefully return this thing to its home. Which…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: In case it was too subtle for all the tired people.
Tim Sackton: is the merfolk city of Omni.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: Yeah, I thought.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was too subtle for this person.
Tim Sackton: Stop. We will end there.
Tim Sackton: As life returns to normal in Homri, disturbed,
Tim Sackton: Once more, by incur… by this…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Seemingly long-running conflict between Gazankoa, and a plain of water, and the sentient ocean.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Gars and co-op.